10
Law 9, talks about how you should surround yourself with others. Something that is advised more often. Saying goes like you are what you surround yourself. Law states choose companies carefully, beware of negative people, misfortune they bring. The law says that dont die for someone's misery. While it says that helping people that have failed due to cricumstances is wise and indeed a good deed. But helping people who are not misfortune by circumstances but by there own actions, feelings. Lets take an example of lola montez, she came in contact with alexander, she planned it, she wanted quick fame and all. She had very strong character pulling things she wanted, acts like an magnet. Soon lola was improportional, lost sense of her, may be her nature was problem. She did bad things, which would led alexanders reputation go downhill, but he was to strongly attached to her that he couldn't resist helping her, he couldn't notice that this was her own actions that led her to this. Alexander soon lost his job due to the company, and his life too in love he didn't notice what lolas infection was. This type of people have very charismatic charm, they can bevel anyone. Once one is connected and fallen then downfall starts. If only the next lover, king knew this. She lured him, as always men gets attracted does whatever in his power to please her and situation. The power of her grasp increased, she got a palace, even being countess didn't satisfy her. Her made every one in council and whole kingdom furious. Now because of this, people who loved the king now hates him. His council members warned him, but he never listen instead he fired them. Any way, later on seeing people's anger, he banished her. But still an reputation lost was devastating, he was eventually dethroned. Well the list doesn't end here. Then in england again she done the same thing with the 10 year younger men. She persuaded him. And they got married, which she knew bigamy but went all in, in her own false actions, she was arrested, later both made their way to Spain. Where due to quallers they went on their own way. Later men died also. Then she went to California did the same men after men until she turned to God, and went lecturing about religious topics. What can be learnt is, one needs to keep eye out for people who bring negativity misfortune by their actions, don't be bewitched by them. While she found the end goal, but ruined life's of many people, here the infector may or may not know the power of their own negativity others. Usually the unstable kind of person like lola, can't decide, are frustrated every time, wants things without the worm, deceive others. These action directly brought their own misery. Most try to fix them, which is great only if you changed the person. More often this don't happen, instead it consumes you and at end you have nothing. In these situation one feels guilty by letting the person go without helping them, but it is best in your interest to not to. One must find past that guilt and part ways from that type of people. That's all was transgression and its interpretation. Lets talk about how to detect these people. One can detect them by seeing their actions. One should not be fooled by them, don't take their excuses about their problems deceive you. See through it. Another points to remember are, these people are most unstable, whether it's relationships or career anything. You can see that in their eyes. One key to note is these people have the most charming, persuasive effect. One must identify this that stay as long as possible. Lets understand the psychological impact of this, your mind thinks, what he sees, what he sees is easily believed, keeping these people in company will inherit their problems on you. As psychology, your mind takes from what's most repeated and works for it. Your thoughts are caught by subconscious mind about them. It puts you in wrong placed as person is most prone to emotions, moods that person bring with them. Another thing i fail to mention was you don't have to feel pity for them, it is bad mistake, they are what their actions are. Don't let it consume you. Lets take an another example of Cassius, he was very dissatisfied type of person. When Caesar did not appoint him for the post he feeled envy to the men post was appointed. This dissatisfaction of his led to conspire brutus into believing Caesars evil acts, turning against him. But brutus just should have bitted his time as Caesars regin was just about to over. Evil acts done were never unseen by people. Brutuss downfall started then and consumed it fully. Law says quarantine is best solution to this. Most often the realisation is always late. One must see those indications and avoid them completely. Lets take example of napoleon and talleyrand, talleyrand was most witted, charming, mannered, intelligent person in council and camed from very reputed family, whereas napoleon came from poor background was cruel, and not mannered. This made napoleon envy, he wanted those qualities. So he kept talleyrand close by, hoping to learn from his qualities, which in long run did affect nicely. The leeson learnt is to surround yourself with people who are wise, intelligent, aven more qualified the you. This way you learn from them, you gain more qualities, you improve. Hence good company is beneficial for growth. This the good infection. If I were to connect laws here I would connect to law 5. Your reputation is most valuable thing, once this goes sideways you should look around your surroundings for indentifing the culprit. More one another indication of infection people is that the pose to be the victim evey time. There is no reversal to this, nothing good comes from keeping a bad company. At last dont die for others misery.