11
Law 11, dependency, crucial understanding of this is necessary. Dependency is something you leverage upon for power. One uses dependency to silently maneuver things around. Well it goes both ways around, you may depend on others and found yourself to be a slave. Well on other hand, people demand you, you are in power, you move things around, you gain control. Lets take an example of transgression of this law, there were many mercinaries in old times, once a man save his city from agressors, people couldn't found a way to repay him, they thought even making him lord would not be justified. They eventually killed him, and make him a god, praise him after killing him, another example would be the same, a warrior or mercinary had done great jobs, he always was applauded by people and king himself. But things took different turn, this time he was prisoned in dungeon. Both examples are short but, gives very good lesson. While people are dependent on you they will shower you with all they have. They will praise you like no other. People tend to feel to connect with the person they are dependent upon, coz lossing them would be bad for all that matters. For this brief period, one must feel good, but the catch is afterwards, when they don't need you anymore, what then? By examples we can understand that mercinaries were highly depend upon by kings, but as they grew older and powerful, they demand more. While a king has many options for mercinaries, ones that are cheap, young and can still do the job without threats. This is why one said, a blind man when gets his vision, first thing he looses is his stick. It is very common nature of people. Lesson is to know your worth, dependency on long time run. If youv run out of this it would be best to slide off then demand more and get killed. This would be the interpretation of the transgression of the law. Lets take example of bismark, in early days he was appointed to position in council, he never aligned his thoughts with king's, was most of the time in oppose of what the king stands for, now in early days, everyone seems power, most of people are deluded that Aligning with powerful people will make you powerful, which would bring some power, but they will consume you later. One must make oneself great in particular skill or subject that separates you from other people, this what you leverage with. Bismark was intelligent, full of tactics, wisdom and all. But he didn't have initial power, he saw kings power was getting weak, he didn't rule powerfully, bismark saw this and latched himself upon king. Making king depend on him. This part requires to build and strong relationship. Ones made one can always leverage it for power. Bismark saw his way out, he pulled strings from above the throne. Soon became minister gained more power and control over what he actually wanted to do. Later king died his brother took his place, bismark did the same, make king depend on him. One thing to note is both kings were weak in rulling by having bismark by their side they ensure the control of kingdom. Often king would disagree with him and also fear him if he leaves which is why bismark can threaten his way also. Later on he became prime minister. He made policies, decisions that were effective, later his vision was to unit parts of Germany and did it also with fear of lossing an asset. And finally after all those years of hard work he ruled a united germany. This shows that he was pateintfull, had great vision on longrun of the game of power. He became by making people depend on him. Lets take an example of louis 11 his weakness was his beliefs in astrology, he had an astrologer, whose predictions came true, feared louis, he wanted to kill him whether he killed to prove is prophecy or was actually master of that science. So he called him, he asked him a question how long he going to live for? He replied with I would fall soon after your death. Here he identifies the weakness of louis exploits it, and king ensured best arrangements for him until he died. Astrologer live on even after the death of king. Which inspires that your skill is leverage and making people depend on you is best way to hold power. Louis was insecure about his death and enemies attention to that, so he made sure that no one knew it and keep astrologer entertained for predictions. Now law states that you should be able to jump from one master to another but master can't not depend on others but you. This ensures your survival both ways. Powerful line, the best you hope is that they depend on you. The need of theirs free you, independence is not true power, power requires relationships. And that is to have an mutual dependency where you have upper hand. Lets take an example of Michelangelo fine artist, usually painters have an patron, where he excelled by having pope his patron. The need of others make you powerfull and gain all advantages possible. Well one can fake his skills to imapet illusion that without them there would be no many hardships that they can't bear. This come with catch constant fear, insecurity. Hence what power is useful if it doesn't bring peace. Keeping the wines example in mind, one grows from bottom, surrounds target, latches on them. Most of the time it is great to let it grow then shedd blood and sweat. The dependency work on chain of dependency. If your master is dependent upon you and your masters master depend upon him, indirectly he depends on you. Understanded by Harry cohn example. Then the laws talks about about ways you can achieve dependence, first would be normal, get great at one skill that everyone needs you, which is called intensive dependency. It is coz your are not that replaceable and that you depend upon one master only. Another way is to master yourself in and buryvyour feet in many places, which means have connections, dependency but plural. While you depend ont them who depend on you for depending on you is good and vast. Just not secure cause here your not depending upon any one person bu whole lot of persons. This could be understood by Henry kissinger, he was not only best negotiator but that he hold dependency in many departments, having a trusted network and allies. One good route is to hold secret of others like mercinaries do of kings, they could collapse a rule in nightfall, but again what power is good if it brings no peace. And another great advice is that, the connection that is made when you are depended upon, should be fear not love, fear is controllable but love is whole lot complicated to handle. Love is something you don't understand very well when your in deceive in mode. It puts you trap of guilt hence beaware of this warning. There is a fine line, they should have hope on you which is never satisfied. Keeping in mind when you loose depence you loose respect. Last is reversal, well it woould be like, you dont have to depend on others. This is when your on top of monarchy, you don't depend on others, where you stand alone. It brings isolation. Remember independence comes at a price. Complet control is exceptional but not fruitfull often. You can be always under stress, pressure to stay there. Hence it is good to accept the law then go after reversal. To conclude one must follow mutual dependency where others are more dependent on you.