12
Law 12, well this is something that everyone uses without knowing just out of sheer survival or deception. However the limits and reversal is often not included. Selective honesty, generousity, good gesture anything that pose in their benifit and have able to trust you by that act. Honesty a powerful tool, well it is quite handy many people are honest on most occasions when there is no need of lying but forget to speak less then necessary. Law specially says that one should use selective honesty for their benifit, when you making your first impression, everyone knows your first impression is your last impression. By being honest, your impression becomes positive, unable to shake it. This lowers their gaurd, usually people suspect less when they tend to trust you, even they don't know but you. People tend to see what they see not hear, they believe what they see, which is correct reason that this way to deception works. Honesty turns the other person as guardless as a child more guilabel, easy to trap. Honesty pose as blind they most of time can't see through. Well if we take generosity the psychological impact is not much different from honesty, but suspicious people tend to see through honest answers, cause it used more often and can be decoded by finding how lower or higher they revealed. Mostly deceptive people choose to speak less. Generousity again turns person into children, difference is people are more intrigued by something they can't predict to have, and small mystery that it what is inside? This lowers you gaurd. Here if use honesty, we feel good by that, seem that other person is trustworthy, but with that comes dilemma that it may not be good, that how good of person they are, people dont usually fall to trust a man fully, that's what it separates apart. One being stronger than other by some margin. This widely used by con artists. Lets take an example of a con artist who wanted to deceive a ganster, before we go into that, let's take a note that while being selectively honest you don't show all of your cards but enough to build trust, but carefully notice that only that won't suffice, it will put your impression positive, but factors like appearance, way to talk, confidence, gestures, manners. These matters to increase your positive impression look believable, adding politeness is also necessary. The con artist approached him asking for 50000 dollars which he claim to double it in 60 days, man like that gangster can see through him like any other con artists, but sets con man apart that his politeness, appearance, speech were impeccable, lowering his guard down while thinking he can give the money even if it is lost. He believed either double or nothing. Later con man, keep that money of ganster safe, for 2 months, then returned to gangster. He told him with regret, politeness and firmness on being sorry. He told him he failed, but here's your money back. His apologies, and body language showed he regreted that. Which won him over in gangster eyes, he felt good, cause in wolf buisness it is rare to find honest man. As he lost nothing, but was delite from his action he rewarded him with 5000 dollars. This was the main goal of con man. He did took risk in taking a gangster as his target where he could choose harmless ones. He thought over it, and found that given his money back would calm him down. He also had profound knowledge about human psychology, hence knew the man and deceived him by his weakness of not trusting people as noone would do in wolf buisness. Gratitude is what gangster fall for. Taking a legendary example of generosity, roman and troys, romans batteld them for 10 years, never reached victory by even close margin. They came with an idea to give them a horse in gift, a big one. Hollow horse contained soldiers who were ready to attack when their guards were down. It was a clever tactic, presenting gift means submission, and illusion that they gave up, letting their guard down even to inspect the gift. It is nature of a person to think and be victorious without overlooking the main fact. Here generosity win them, even if they use honesty, troys response was still unpredictable. The key to deception is to predict their move and lead them to what you want them to do. This is where Trojan horse came from. There was an example of Wu a ruler of kingdom in China. He wanted to conquer hu a powerful neighbour. He first married hu's daughter to gain some what trust and build relationship between their empires. Since nobody would expect attack from son in law's side. He cleverly put his minister to say that hu is one we should capture, when wu asked what should we conquer. He knew giving an answer that goes like why would we attack our sisters state. Which eventually reached to hu. Ultimately believeing that indeed no threat can come from their side. It is exactly when wu attacked and won the state. This is what deception with sugar disguised as posion looks like. In that time they had a proverb, you have to give before you take. What wu gave? Trust and taked their land. The key to deceptions is to lower their guard by distraction them with anything that is their benifit but ultimately yours. An example of gould and Gordon. Gould was suspicious kind of person, he once invested heavily in rails company. He didn't seem that it will go well, owing a bad loss and reputation. Gordon comes to him saying that, company was doing on purpose and was held by their owners. Knowing law don't argue demonstrate, he proved his point by hiring an handwriting expert. He didn't gave any gift but provided honesty and build trust. They became friends, partnered together in investing in that rail company. He asked for money and gould never suspect anything, as always, Gordon soon sell all share, share droppe making him a huge profit. And was never heard again by gould. Well the key difference is one generous gift could suffice trust where honesty requires more than one occasion sometimes. It is important to keep repeating the honesty without looking weak and fable. Because people part ways when they don't see what they needed, moreover they don't stay along with those who don't represent them well in others eyes.﻿
Taking faliscans and Romans, romans laid siege on them multiple times but always failed. Once a general was camping near the border. Where he saw a faliscan teacher with children of wealthiest persons in faliscan, there were two ways, ether he could take them hostage and let them surrender. And another was to let them go, sending positive message. First one would wage revenge but fought with half heartness, or they would surrender. Second option is where he could gain trust, lowering their guard, create an impression that stays intact. This way he could win them over and end war the right way without any hardships or hard feelings. He choose second option by striping the teacher and let children rod him on way back to city. He knew he would win both ways but choose path with least damage possible. One thing here that leads to final reversal is, one should be careful while playing with their feelings, either you may play it so well, when they found there was nothing they could do, which will inflict revenge and more aggresion later or risk them knowing early and face their unsettling anger and distrust. Hence be careful when playing with fire. Finally reversal, when you have history of deceiveing and lieing, it is almost impossible to deceive with honesty or generousness. Lets example of lustig man of many cons, planned his biggest con ever, he decided to sold effiile tower as metal scraps posing as a government official. Here he may have use selective honesty or generosity, but he wasn't known to buyer obviously he wouldn't buy the tower of he knewed who he was. But people like lustig have a aura that sometimes can be sensed. Same happened and last moment of money transaction, buyer suspected something wrong with lustig, being an experienced con artist he suspected it as well. Then he pose to be an dishonest offical. Well there is a saying one can only trust dishonest person to be dishonest and honest ones are unpredictable. Here buyer, wouldn't buy if it would be clean as white, but as lustig proposed some black in it, it became sure that buyer can trust the person as dishonest government official as all officials are. Another skilled lier was talleyrand courtmen of napoleon. He had also deceived and lied more that people knows what to expect, at this time one should own that. Being honest will prove the contradictory. Here he himself says the in buisness one should show their cards to other while talking to his friends. Which is absolute lie and contradiction to what he was. This way everyone was confused but they still know what to expect, and this doesn't matter as unpredictableness of actions poses best deception. Best confusion is between your deception and your smokescreen, as people would expect it to start from honest or generousness or something nice. And a plus point is admiration for owing to being honest about being dishonest.