13
Law 13, in quest for power one must find themselves in need of favor from an Ally, theres only one thing which gets what you want. Human psychology and understanding. Well first you only need to identify the type of person you need favor from. Identify what they need, form your speech around that benifit of theirs. This will always cover your needs without looking needy. Law specifically says act accordingly to the type of man you are dealing with, a pragmatic or practical person, won't want any reconciliation of past but for future they are always interested. Which comes to deal pragmatic person with pragmatic reason, needs, benifits of their own. These the best way possible to appeal for help and concise most times. Another is very rarely ocurred phenomenon. Where one asks for help by making the other person feel the weight of gratitude, by make them remembering the past good deeds. It may work for people who are less cruel, ones that value loyalty over their benifit, which is rare. With this most people use mercy, begging for it often. But here is bit harsh reality where there people who are virtuous, wise, kind of good people for them this works. But people who lack it, don't feel resentment towards one asking help, they may lack empathy. Keeping all this aside, often people part ways from people too needy, they don't represent better in front of others what their image might reflect where their means person who one is asking favour from. Wells it's not that people are not empathetic, it's just that it's not ones nature to feel beneficial in some ways, which out wieghs empathy. Hence you should choose what is better, what type of person your dealing and then implement either of mercy, gratitude or inflicting intrest. One key to notice that people who fold and think of their image too much, falls for gratitude pitch, not pragmatic ones. While law efficiently says that most man are pragmatic and are greedy if pinch at right point. Hence more often today it is more effective to use their intrest for favour rather than leading with mercy and gratitude. Let us take a example of cities wealthiest and reputed clan, where they were influence in rome. They plotted king swap, and succeeded. Here a man who was soldier intial and with help of the clan he rose to power and became lord of the city. Later on as law says literally his ambitions outweighs gratitude towards the clan. Once lord was outfor battle, where in city some clan members started chaos, they protested against lord, this lead to heated civil war only on smaller scale, that's when the elder of the clan came forth and ended the argument. He said it would be useless bloodshed. When lord arrived, he suprised by silence and peace in city, later elder went to meet lord thinking he would be thankful, for the riots he calmed down. He planted seed of gratitude, all their deeds to put lord up their where he is. This only makes a person aggressive, cause for a cruel, a sympathetic man gratitude can wash a away easily, it is the burden no one likes To be reminded of. Then elder conclude his speech with beggin for mercy. Lord was totally calmed and showed no sign of anger. He looked convinced and said bring clan over the dinner to come to an agreement. Here he properly conceal his intentions. He later prisoned them and execute later on. The elder could have chosen the path where he highlighted their influence over rome, how it would be helpful for the lord, or gave some money. This would be right way to do when person In front is more of a barbaric kind of. Lets take an example of two lands who didn't like each other, they had to seek help to Athens, one powerful enough to be emerg victorious whoever side they were on, one side proposed that they haven't done anything nor good nor bad to Athens, but he highlighted the point where their navy can somewhat surpass Athens navy, and offers alliance over their. Second party, reconciliate old favours they did, putting burden of gratitude, thinking that discarding a loyal state will bring their other alliances down. Athens were pragmatic type, they know that discarding second party would have no effect on others. And also doing so they remove burdens of gratitude, it was easy for them to choose first party as they treated their intrest better, and who will not prefer benifit over gratitude of work. Key understanding is using selectively honesty, and pairing their benifit with yours is something one may wants to look after, deal with, inorder to gain favours. Another rgood example is of Japan, in early days, Portugese were the bridge Between trade between japan and Europe. Here, Portugese where also influenceing people to adapt catholic culture. Were successful enough. The emperor at that time saw it. Now things turn when dutch came, they only wanted to trade not to convert, this is when japan cut ties with Portugese and traded with dutch, it is Smarter to play with ones intrest and rather than their using liability of reliaing on you. Same explained from Genghis khan, he never saw china and great land, just land for grass. Where as he was clever deceive by his advisor, advisor was done of culture of china, wanted to preserve it. He tend to change decision of Genghis khan in favor of china, here he cleverly informed that china wasn't just any lend itbcould. Be a gold mine, more over Genghis wanted to kill whole city and once again advisor Said he was informed that great engineers had fled to that city, sparing that city would be good choice. Once in a long time Genghis took this kind of a decision. Here law says using their intrest is kind of a lever to move things how you want. Moreover a cord of gratitude and mercy is weak but cord of self interest is strong backed by greedy.  It is best in your interest to address their intrest in your interest. Lets take a look at reversal, well there are people who don't want to seem ugly or greedy by conveying their benifit In your deed. They are going after money or something that shows more greedness. But they choose charity, this kind of people like good fame, image. One doesn't have to feel bad by taking advantage of that, you are not deceiveing them, there more eagr to invest in you but for the fame that brings self-less act image. That is why identify what type of man you are dealing with, you may choose your speech, key point, interesting need, beneficial act, selective honesty on based of what man you are dealing with. It is important to put what they will get in providing you. Basically you are giving something in return, where in mercy and gratitude, you are opressing them and demanding which is never acknowledged. You have to give before you get.