14
Law 14, spying, often most intriguing task. While filled with dangerous situations. Well if your spying, two ways either your enemy or friend. Here a spy posing as friend, is like lurking in shadows. Its people's natural system that threat doesn't come from known then unknown. Friendly face hides your true motives, your intentions, specifically true colors. In old times I was said that spying is 3 eye of a man. What does spying grant, a vision that keeps you one step forward. Knowledge of a person, lets you predict their move. An ancient proverb says you can't fight what you can't see. You must know enough to predict your opponent. Nothing good comes from shooting an arrow blind folded. Information you gain far more vital, while others think you have some boon, where it's just spying. In spying you can either employ people to do it or do it yourself. If you employ you risk the mission of they slip or turn colors. Best is if personally do it. Lets see what spying brings, one thinks that spying is difficult where it is just how well you know to treat the man. Along with how well do you know them. While you treat a man by cultivating speech that we excites them or loose the control over their words, this is where you gain information. Well spying is only good if you can keep yourself in control. Here your playing to loosen control of opponent, one can't do that if their tounge, expressions and desires are not in control. Well to sum it up your mind needs to be controlled. It is fine art, one can initially use selective honesty and generosity to build up relationship. This is where opponents guard is down. When guard is down its only matte r of your selection of words and method you apply. Lets consider methods, power of irritation, when you continuously disagree with someone it puts them on edge. It awakens their anger, and at best most of people loose control over themselves. In these moments of weakness one can decipher their emotions, weakness, behaviour enough to know themselves. Another method would laying traps, keep in mind traps must not be predictable and obviously it should have open ended result, so later on one can add an excuse and get away with it. It is an art of putting opponent in a position where they are forced to act, or a trap that leads them show their true colors. As that was the case with a king, he wanted to test loyalty of his men, he noticed two were friends, he would call one aside and say other one was a traitor and soon be killed, and say keep this secret I told you cause I trust you most. Clever move, now he carefully observed the behaviour of second man, if he was acting usual it means first one is loyal courtier, if behaviour was different, like nervousness, avoid getting eyes on the king. This would sign that other one blurred out. He would banished him. He always had a coverup strategy that when first one was loyal he would say information he was given was false upon investigation. This way he would know whom to trust. Concealing your intentions is clearly most important thing here. One must take note, to lure out info, one must say only what's necessary to let them speak babling about there self. Another method to consider is false statement, a statement that falls under their intrest or something that they can't stop thinking or speaking of. The nature of human is, he goes with the first dopamine hit, the moment you say intresting they will die to speak. So here you use a false statement not revealing anything of you completely made up. False statement can be opposite of what they think, or exactly what they think. Either way they willingly says what they feel about. Person must understand the person your dealing with in order to extract info. Here key to the rule is having an uper hand is having additional information that nobody has. Lets take example of an art dealer duveen, he applied this law perfectly, he always wanted to gain a client name mellon, rich and good taste, but he had been already been refused by him. He employ some of mellons servants on his payroll. From day to day activities of mellon, he would gather all sorts of info of him, understand his behaviour, habits and more importantly taste in art. He spied on him for long time, he knew as much as mellons wife did. He executed a plan, while mellon was visiting london, knowing every bit of his move, he arranged Total coincidence meeting him in elevator. He talked, charmed. While exploring art gallery, mellon was impressed by taste of duveen and their taste quite aligned also. Coz all the info he knows about him, charming, cultivating the coincidence scene, maneuvering his thoughts about him all became easy. Since the mellon became fan of the art collection duveen had to offer. Since then they became good friends. It shows the importance of the information you gain from them. It is enough to turn the tides. Not only you can gain info but plant also, maneuver it into your direction. To allign this with law which has an essence as one must anticipate others desires, moreover to take is to give first. Make them come to you, your value increases so does impression. It is not only difficult to know a man, as most of them are open books, it's just that they tore some pages can keep them hidden. Everyone hides their alter side, intensions. Hence it is important to use your words to lower their gaurd before luring their weakness. Their ability to or desire to do something out of sense of control is your advantage for information. A french foreign minister, a man who was witted, known for his ability to deceive. None other than talleyrand. He was one of the few who where known as great conversationalist where actually they speak even less. Always remember it is quality over quantity. He always weight his words before speaking. He gathered information from noticing peoples behaviour when there guard is down. Mostly in social occasions. Planting false statement or irritating or laying traps was all part of his skill set. His ability to control his mind was what that got him ahead of everyone. He gained info of other foreign minister by posing as friend but spying on their movements to predict them. In the end it is foreknowledge what's secret of wining as mentioned in art of war.  Reversal, now reversal would bad side of the law, lets say implement the law, spy on them, but you ask too many questions to raise suspicions, or spying is not deliberate enough. Either way they avoid you, you loose respect, impression in front of others. It should be carefully step by step procedure. Never go too far in questions or reveal your true colors instead. Always use some sweet gesture or sincerity to keep posing as a friend. If we take example of Russians, when they attacked london, they droppedany bombs over it, killings thousands of people. But one thing to note is, every bomb hitted far from main land like the bridge or densely populated area. This was because the spies of Russians were found and there were feeding false information to them. This is the downside of it. You have to be careful if people double cross you. Which gives another good lesson while spying is key, planting misinformation is like taking key from opponent. It is important to practice both in conquests of power. One thing to note spying gives 3 eye, where improper execution leads to downfall. If someone is spying on you, must make sure to plant false information, throw them down the path where they can't come back from. A good analogy would be to pass the road one must blind the cyclops, which here means planting miss information.