15
Law 15, crush your enemies, this law focusses on psychology of warfare, in times of war, one must act pragmaticly. Most of the men are just couldn't control their emotions, they always get blown by weakness. Weakness can be anything, it is usually pity, sorrow, guilt, mercy. Men choose option that dont put them or people around where he feels no hard feelings. At best at reversal, very small chances, enemy might not fought back and align forces. Thats best case of letting them go, but history shows otherwise. Throughout history there were many examples of men who transgress the law and on other hand ones that observe it. Lets take example of to generals side by side. Both were good friends, one came from nobility fame, and one came from poor. Only difference was one was more cruel, ruthless, less witty and one was witty, not made for battling, smart. They both were assigned task to attack on a land. Now usually a person who is not barbaric is not given command of the army, not sensible approach, but it happened. Even cruel one worked under general leading to the same task. This grows jealousness, insecurity against other one. From then they became rivals. Here knowing cruel one samrt never intercepted untill table has turned. Once cruel one captured him, but out of feeling friendly about his past friend even though his advisor was against it. None the less same thing happened, this he was determined to kill him but smart one escaped. Its only then when table turns, cruel one asks for peace, but smart one knows the law very well, he is already not powerful them him, if he let go him, he is only forcing his room, hence he killed. Later on struggles went on and he became emperor. I would recall from this, never repeat same mistake twice. Here life gaved him second chance but still he failed. Lets say, best that can be said is, if one want to achieve something one must be merciless. Here key thing to know is when your are giving them a chance of peace, remember that how far the personal vendetta goes between you, if it is deep, you should not make mistake to let opponent go. When choose to let go, it only makes person more angrier and revengeful, why one might ask?. Human psychology says that living under an obligation, which is public is never preferred. People always finds way to shook that weight off their shoulders. When you weight of mercy, they don't like being defeated and humiliated like that. Everyone knows humiliation is not forgotten. Usually at start the are delighted by your act, but remember its only for start, they will be so eager to move against your as soon as tide changes. What does this leave us. Never do things half ways. Never leave opponent with change of comeback. Mostly people try much harder after humiliation which is dangerous. And also to add that one may not also want to live life being insecure. Solution is to eliminate the threat completely. There is no other option that usually more feasible. If we take observance of law, lady wu played well, never letting the guard down, cruellest of cruel. On ruthless of all. She had gone to lengths of killing her own children in order to stay in power. Still everyone knows her bloodbath to power, but she is recognise as of the best leaders of time. So only one thing to note, leave your enemy stranded in desert with no hope. One must keep in mind, breaking the body is not enough. Spirit, there will to fight against should be vanquish also. Not necessarily killing but demoralise, humiliate, depower them untill there is no way back. Way to this is, force enemies hand, exploit every resource they can use to get back on feet. Only when there's is nothing to worry about then an them only mercy is rightous option. As dealing with fire or viper, never leave even tiny bit of life in them, remember injured dog bites harder. Lets take look at reversal, well harm does come if you let them go, but knowing is important that if other party or thereselves can do the job for you, then don't get your hands dirty. Leaving enemy totally out of hope and will is only thing one can do so there is no fear of vengeance. Well key thing to note is, even while sure nothing can happen never let your guard down. If they come again do the same eliminate every possibility of come back.