16
Law 16, presence, something that keeps you in eyes of others respect and honor you. Presence is form of your proving that you do care, return the respect. Presence increases and strengths your bond. Whatever you have established is by your presence only. Presence could be overwhelming, at any point in your life, you must have encountered a person, who seems naggy, always there, feels like it is not worth of having relation with them, but on start it may seem, that talking to them feels good, it is only till they became common to you, thats where they loose your respect and value. That's when you seem uninterested and bored. This also can be applied to love, when starting, it feels good, but once the point reaches where you can't know more than you have. Keep a nature in mind, people likes to predict, in banal world, seeming intresting is key. Predictability increases or decreases you value. If you know more about them, it would be no fun to predict, to think, to fantasize. But if you don't It becomes intresting, one may feel more connected, and intrigued to know what you are gonna do. So an advice would be keeps things slow, don't give away all your cards. When you have none to play, it originates less talks. So your presence is valuable till it becomes common. Now to solve it, one must be able to look for signs that their need of presence is over or it would be better to recognise even before the last point. One of signs is, positive, can be easily seen. The interconnection between you both increases. When relationship starts, you don't have enough info, you like to fantasize what will happen it keeps it intresting. When the bond has strengthened. In other words you can think of them in almost any scenario (in case of love). This when you realise to use your absence, disappear, this will give more room them to think. What happened, was it there fault, why. These questions keeps them in a spiral. Here connection only grows. One thing to know it would be less intense if relationship is not driven by love, take professional relationship as examples. But nonetheless I will still be effective. Importance of absence, as law defines when you know too much, too much appearances, it leads to less room to roam for fantasize. Your absence create, more room to think, predictableness decreases. It instantly creates values and interest. Keep one thing a mind that, it is always important to know, what kind of a person your dealing with. Make your appearance and disappearance based on that. Lets take an example of poet and his companion. They roam castles across country, reciting their poems, songs, even dances probably. They reached a castle where they both fell in love. Poet falls in love of madam of castle and companion with normal lady. Companion once had conflict with her. He asked poet for help, with his charm he got her back, he said that reconciliation of their relationship feeled strong like something out of the world. Not mention their love was strong then ever. Poet wanted to feel that, he craved it. He suddenly left castle, hoping that she would be angry. But it did opposite to that, it strengthens their bonds, she missed the love letters from him, starts sending her letters to him and even messengers. This is when poet feeled bored and common of her. When letters stop coming, he feeled, was she actually angry now? He regreted his. Choice. Make his way to castle, but instead of conflict, she welcomed with open arms. Once again carved the feeling of reconciliation. Again he tries it driven her away by harsh words. She actually droved away. Never wanted to him. He regreted and sends poem to her. One day she replied with his penance condition In order to continue. The break kept both intrested. They were back again. Interpretation is your absence increases value, and consistent presence increases value. Adding to what i previous said, if person you are dealing with is short tempered, it would be best keep appearance and use absence by excuses. Or feel their resentment. Once there was a assyrens who ruled over majority of North Asia. A part of former iran, protested and got freedom. Medes, they didn't appoint a leader no hierarchy. As always conflicts began to rise, need of an judgement that is accurate and noncurrupted. A man began to raise his reputation by his uncorruptness, judgement, fairness. He became the one spot for justice as no one trusted other judges. He gained fame. As always too much of his presence, his respect reduced, people take him as granted. He got bore also, he took retirement. Well, again conflicts rose, riots etc. they decided to appoint one leader and hierarchy system (by villages). They couldn't thought of anyone but, to appoint their fair judge. He accepted eventually, rose to power. Put many restrictions on seeing him. Keeping the legends alive, give different meanings to this it gave more content for legends. He had great long rule. One think to note is that people who wanted him, because of his value, when conflicts rosed, they came to feel the value of the fair man. He knew the law, and hence applied it even after gaining power. If power is the goal, preserve it by absence and presence. The perfect combo of this keeps reputation, value aligned. Theres a good saying from the law, love never dies of starvation but from indigestion. It is applicable to anything. An affection, connection never dies of your absence, if it is early, and very prolonged then yes. But also, if you keep appearing more it feels more indigestion of one's fantasy. Here absence creates an aura of respect. It is explained from napoleon, duveen (covered in previous law). Where appearing more in theatre will lead to less attention and keeping arts scares, increases there value. An great analogy for the law is, weather around us, in winter we want warmth, in summer cold. The sun is appreciated by its absence every day. Keep your demand high or what you are offering. One that conceals power, by keeping demand high preserves it, the best. It can applicable to anything. In buisness, your products hold value not cause it is best, it is part of it, but more cause item is rare. Not common. Rarity triggers psychology of man, they must think it would be good, cause everyone likes it that it is out of stock. Sense of rarity is what keeps things valuable. Final part reversal, well the key to every laws reversal is a thin silver line, once noticed, it only becomes valuable. The silver line is boundary, one must disappear after the bond has strengthened not before, you will be forgotten instead. And not too late, to loose all of your value. Final think to keep in mind, at start be available, represent yourself as colourful as possible, until saturation is reached, then disappear. It is important to show, cause when disappear this are the things to be missed. For example introverts don't create moments to be missed for.