17
Law 17, inflicting terror, a good way to increase your value. Becoming unpredictable as many advantages. General nature of men does not let him feel secure or superior until they can figure what you are going to do. Once they can predict they feel calm, cause when you know what will happen you already have thought what to do. Now this is where you throw different signals. Making a man confused, sending different signals is not what they would expect, it creates instant need to figure out what it is that your up to, it is a weapon and a tool, while they are intrigued and distress depending upon what actions you throwed, they will wear out eventually. Just by thinking what was that for, why, when, what etc, this increases distress in them. One can use this to great effect, this distress is imbalance you need to ensure their fumbleness, they are prone to blunder, which is your main advantage. This is not where you have upper hand, you have it from starting, when start to panic. The terror or intrest can be put to your benifit. As always once indentifed what to use terror or intrest depending on what type of man you are dealing with. People fold when they can't find answers, they are desperate to make a move, it creates anger, and anger leads to distruction of ability to think straight. Terror makes them fold, while intrest make them feel connected to you, intrest, making more of it, one can gain attention never imagined. When you create air of unpredictability you instantly are the main topic to talk on, you have the spot light, it is best to keep people intrigued cause nature of human, to solve something intriguing is more than what is costs. This can be applied to any field. Scope is infinite. Lets take example of bobby fisher and boris, here bobby was young chess player, and boris was grandmaster, boris was known for his ability to think through the opponent, knowing what he is upto, makes strategy accordingly, here thing to note is he was also master of psychology. Nonetheless he always remained calm and composed. He perfectly understands necessity to think straight. Bobby knew all this, he knows that boris can his tactics from far. Boris used to analyse his opponents patterns and use against him. Thats where bobby knew to something different. Unpredictable, he started by confusion people whether he is coming to play or not. But had no effect on boris he was still composed. Bobby complaint about everything, to throw of boris. Later on when matches were to begin he was stupidly late, usually opponents loose their gaurd if you are late, their expectancy decreases. He came late played some blunders to throw boris off. Boris was not able to think straight coz of bobby's mind games. He still won the game, booby didn't arrived for next game, he wanted to break the rythm of boris. Key he noted that dont give time to analyse your patterns, constantly change it. Next games he played he successfully win most of it. Played some of the most plays that were never seen before. This all was hiding behind the smokescreen. Boris didnt expect this, he fumbled more and more, eventually loosing games and his mind. He was confused by actions of bobby and unpredictable of his actions. Once man is confuse and distress he is only prone to make mistakes. Law says nothing is terrific as unpredictability, take cyclones example, everything happens instantly, nobody knows when it will strike. These imposes stress, terror in general. One can't defend or defeat if he doesn't know what his opponent is upto. There were cases of flippo who used multiple series of confusions too see under the skins of his courtiers. Then a war general used repeative tactics to fool enemy. Buying more time for reinforcement. Same by pablo picasso, he used his unpredictability of actions on co worker as it turns out In this cases advantage is people may not fold, they bounce back hardest ensuring your benifit. More mysterious one appears more respect he gains. This leads to the reversal, now there few ways to practice the law one by implementing smokescreen and another by breaking patterns. Here one thing is thoroughly understand, people are so lost in their ego, they always think that they have calculated to be true. This is psychology of human, one quote that helps this is always hope for the best and prepare for worst. People don't notice signals appart from their belief. This makes them blind. Only thing to keep in mind is, predictableness increases sense of safeness and security around people. And when you don't have enough power you must not be unpredictable then to be labelled as psychic or deceptive. Keeping your reputation intact through knowledge of perfect timeing when to be predictive and when to not. It is power tool, use wrongly or not carefully leads value reduction.