18
Law 18, isolation good or bad, in this world nothing is wrong or right until you use it in perfect combination. Isolation here means no connection with the outer world. Usually when people fear they seek isolation and security. Falling back. Here one not losses sense of proportionality, one thing to note is about yourself, when in isolation, your results of work are judge by you. It can be worse thing, when your the only judge of your work, you don't see bad in it. No critism falls into your ears. Your work is disproportionate, and when world sees it you came to the senses. Why does one seek isolation, when connection with outer world becomes ambiguous or there is no room to think, moslty by fear. The sense of security blinds them what is happening around them. People could plot against him, he would not have mere idea of what's happening outside. Isolation decreases your power, it is human nature to be social. One looses hold over talks and starts to fumble, while day to day routines of talks and connection build strong base of conversation. Being social not only creates respect but mutual trust. Moreover one can create many connections, allies, gathering info. Able to keep eyes on what's happening, what will happen, what dangers lies ahead and all that. By staying connected to the people, creates a security barrier, no could plot against you if you are more aware about surroundings. In literal sense, being surrounded by people gives no window for enemy to attack, your always surrounded by allies. As difficult it gets to separate you from your allies, less chances of danger. If we talk about the literal fortress, it gives sense of control safety and luxury, but keep in mind that your flexibility it decreased, it becomes vulnerable to stay in. It like being trapped in you own prison. This gives more time frame and chances for enemies to attack. As attacks are planned when least help is with your opponent. Make sure that you surround yourself with people, constant interaction builds trust respect safety and relation. To continue yourself in control, one must organise and plan social interaction, not just be socially available. Here in isolation one looses maneuverability of situation. Your perspective is backed by few peoples information. You can't see the bigger picture. Becoming an easy target, which leads to death and loss of power. Law says power is proportional to contacts of people you have. To solve the isolation, one must say to themselves when they fear, being amoung people gives better picture and safety than isolation ever gives. To solve isolation problem one must Versailles and set more meetings and connection you can possibly have. Here one gains power to know situation act accordingly. Versailles has rooms that can communicate with each other. It basically means being busy, don't isolate yourself, by putting more work, you decrease room for negative thoughts that puts one down. Having Versailles, is to have every info of what's happening around, everything that can cause threat or benefit. Your thoughts and plans are more structured and effective this way. One can see far beyond with all the info than one relies on few people for information. When in isolation, people can plot against you without even an indication. Here isolation only increases isolation. When already in fear, fear of betrayal only puts you back and in more isolation. Lets take transgression of the law, in old times a chinese ruler, build empire bigger than alexander the great, he was ferocious leader, grouped whole china as we know today, to apply one law and one culture of many. Near the end of his rule, he grew feared of enemies that he created in journey, his castle was built in a way that he can move without anyone noticing, sleeping in different bed every day, talking to only handful of courtiers. He would choose disguise, when needed to leave the palace. Here his isolation grew itself which lead to built a fortress and great wall of china as we know it today, he had no knowledge of what's happening around, it was like he was king for name only, minister pass policy without even asking him, his isolation brought more fear, insecurity. He didn't know who was plotting against him, and in the end he died mostly by poisoning. Along with this a artist named jacapo, he had once in Life time opportunity to make his legacy, he isolateed himself in making a frescores, he covered everything, in fear that someone might steal his ideas, he worked for years, and after his death before finishing it, his art was improportional when revealed. Thats when happen in isolation, becoming judge of your work can be dangerous. Your disproportionate work seems good, eventually it consumes you. Observance of law, louis, knew the law very well. He created Versailles, vast palace, large rooms, more people around, inhabitanting all courtier minister and nobles. It was easily the busiest place, nothing can be hidden here. Allowing no secrets to brew. Louis had a preamble of day, conversation with over 100 people in his bedroom, he used frequent contact with people to keep eye on everything. Having knowledge of everything, and saying just I shall see. His make his day full of people. This allows maneuvering over the situation. This is why his reign was one of the large ones. Taking example of talleyrand, french foreign minister, used this every day, he connect with most as he can, dealing with blacks or whites for information. Having knowledge of surroundings made him last transition of power, fall of napoleon, abduction of louis 18th. Same is explained by ciceros example by communication he grew network perfectly balancing enemies and allies. Finally the reversal, here if someone wants clarity then an them only isolation should be performed, though as last resort. People must know to use isolation when too much ambiguity is out their, but with caution more isolation can have drastic effects as discussed. One must apply it as last resort and for shorter durations. But remember it is hard to comeback from. Lets end this with analogy, isolation consumes you as quick sand with you even noticing.