19
Law 19, a law very common to apply. Well it is something that is required to know before applying any deception or any application of law. It is crucial to know what type of person you are dealing with. Whenever you ask two people a question, you may assume that answer will be different, based on their perspective and opinions and experiences they had. Thus you may encounter many types of men throughout your conquest of power. Law carefully reveals 5 types of people, which are only type of person to exist or just the main ones. Law starts with saying that every victim, opponent, sucker is different. You may choose them wisely. Analyse the danger to deal with them, often suggested to keep yourself out of their sight. Lets pick a arrogant and proud man, this type of people are, have high self esteem, they don't ignore any insults or jokes, they are prone to provoked by it. It is easier to identify them by telling lower level of personal joke. They can't comprehend when it comes to pride, ignore this and suffer their vengeance. These type of people are over sensitive or overreactive. Example of this would be, the muhammad of shah empire, and Genghis khan of mongol, it was around 12th century. Where mongol was smaller but increasing consistently. Genghis khan wanted control over silk route to europe. He wanted to befriend the muhammad and offer many gifts, once twice muhammad rejected his appeal, in thought of that mistake was his as some man think, cause they don't grasp insults early. Last time muhammad killed one of messenger, and send 2 back with shaved head, meaning disrespect, furious Genghis khan, he took over the capital of empire, he took his empire and spread it to one of the largest kingdoms ever known. Key to understand is these type of people are not to be offended, if found offending them you call another Genghis khan, here this could avoided by just rejecting peacefully, core to understand is never blind your self with smoke, where smoke means that enemy is weak hence easy to disrespect. Another type of person is, an insecure man, this type of man are less violent but still posses potent danger. Here this person, is insecure to the level where any act of deception or attack works for them, they became hopelessly revengefull, they slowly eat you without you even noticing. Stay out of sight for long time if found offending one.﻿
Example of this would be, in old time, America had a ring of con artist, constantly moving across America, conning people, once they deceive a man of 45000 dollars. Man was furious, instead of being shameful to act on it, he talked to police and he himself tracked down con artist, he was the one who reduce these con artist on this plane. He also jailed ones he was not conned by. Key interpretation is that, highly insecure people, ha e very less bound of tolerance, they don't fear judgement, once harmed, they don't stop until they have their vengeance. Mr suspicious, a person who is suspects the worst in peoples, think that he is the centre of the stadium. He habit of finding defects, make himself and his thoughts unbalanced. Often most easiest to deceive. Where one should be careful if they are targeted by this type of man, some time their shot in dark may work. Example of this would be, a person suspects more, analyze more, smoked in his own thoughts and believes. One can easily deceive this kind of person by maneuvering their thoughts to gain what you want. Often turning people against people. Next type is serpant with long memory. These type of people never forget insults, it is rare of human nature to forget this king of things. Serpants don't react immediately or even intermediately. They maintain their composure, they seek every opportunity, plann things out until right opportunity arrives. Then bites with large-preserve poison of your actions. These people can be hard to identify. Almost impossible. To detect this kind of a person one should look out for cunning signs, calmness and unaffectionate. One must destroy if sees injured one or stay out of their sights. Example of this would be, long story short, once chin's prince was exiled, loved in poverty, low life, struggled. He came accross king of cheng, who insulted him because he was weak, poor. Even after being advised he didn't listen and insulted him even further. After years that prince came back to chin, and gain the power. A sparkling thing is, good gesture, helps, kindness are easy forget than insults, people don't want to live under gratitude but won't live without avenging their insult. Later prince attacked cheng and so one action even after year cause destruction. One must be sure to eliminate the threat, or keep him at his good side. Now comes a plain, natural man, this men are just not aware of of surroundings, are not intelligent. These one seems the easiest but are difficult to deceive. Cause you just waste time energy resources to deceive someone. He may clear every threat you give just by being unaware of things. Nothing can be gained from the man. This type of man are most preferred and ticks the dopamine in head to deceive. But it's just not worth it. If your dealing with this type of man, you execute as you please, the unpredictability makes it seem not worth it while unawareness seems more potent addon to deceive it. Example of this type of person, once there was the time in America where big riches were dying and no new ones took their places, which lead to downfall of art dealership all over country. 5 top dealers joined and posed to consive ford, one of wealthiest man that time, they wanted him to by their 100 art collection making them rich, but instead all their effort went in vain, ford was not the type of person who goes buying paintings he was more of a pragmatic person and very simple. He asked feable questions which says he lacks desire for paintings as well as taste for them. This shows you have wasted your time money resources to convince a man whose action can be unpredictable and not worth it. Key to the power is, indentifing the person, you are dealing with, gather all information on him even if it takes times. Have upper hand, due to that. Employ spies for that. Think strategically, maneuver them imfor your benifit without harming them or doing so without letting them know. This is the core of the law. Person is full of mystery, it doesn't show all he has, so often hard to predict. The soley appearance of the people, tells about them. Which is not enough and often a lie. This is where it connects to law your disappearance creates respect. Two things to keep in mind, one may not trust intuition over facts. And second don't rely too much on appearance. Intuition could be wrong more than the statistical facts and appearance of people are always cunning there is always cunning side which is not revealed. A perfect analogy for this given in the law is, hunter does not set same traps for bear and fox. Hunter hunts after knowing his prey fully. Knowing them is the key. And but obvious thing is that law doesn't have any reversal, nothing good can come from not identifying the person you are dealing with and acting according to it.