20
Law 20, commitment is fickel think, more often than not most people take a side quickly rashly, not understanding the outcome. Usually people take side on basis of obligation, selfishness and overall gain. Law thoroughly explained that one that commits to a winning party will be forgotten once victorious and tries to swallowe it, and siding with weak is indeed a mistake, it slows you down and wears you out. Not a nice option either. One benifit that can be gained is by siding both, no commitment just promises, assurance. This keeps powerful who can defeat you at bay, and the weaker one a fake assurance to falsely believed, to help him. This provides you insights of both sides. Not only this gives you the upper hand, you still have all your cards, neutrality is not being unaffectionate but being supportive to all, while committed to none. No matter which side wins you always gain, and sustain the crisis. Lets take example of Elizabeth 1, she has understand the law. By keeping people at bay under false pretences. In her case she kept the intrest and let all surround her like orbiting planets, while holding all power. Never committed, she always had her independence, in her experience marriage of a queen, with inside or outside creates problems like internal favours and conflict and making indirect enemies. Only way to keep prosperity of her rule intact, she never married, kept her independence and ruled and thrived. Interpretation is that keep all parties exited, to willingly join the race to achieve that trophy of your attention, only catch is never commit to anyone, declare the race as tie. Center of orbiting parties keeps you in power. You power is not depleted by siding weak, nor consumed by siding powerful. To commit is to like loose attention, goes against law 6. Loosing attention, intrest is to loose power. Be scares that everyone wants it, but noone has. Give hope never satisfaction of commitment. Another example where a person hold prominent influence over two lands, he was gifted, rewarded, presented, showered by gifts. As both lands depend on him. While other one can manipulate them by keeping the man on side. The man never sided with those 2 lands, only gave hope to betray the other. Thats where he holded his power, same goes with Henry kissinger, parting with both sides to sustain his role in parliament, and solving problems by connecting with enemies friend. To get what he wants. To be slave is to be committed, one uses obligation and all to get their work done. Stay above the fray, be neutral and but be supportive. When two parties fight you don't wanna get involved, you just need to stir them up, so at the end is all for you taking. This way you dont wear yourself out not you commit just by taking advantage of people around you. If we take example of isabella in her reign she found herself in many times being in between of battle. You can't side with one cause what other might think or just can't cause conflict of interest and on other hand can't let anyone powerful then you to swallow you. She mastered the art of being supportive seeming to be on one's side where actually she was not. While staying neutral, her land survived everything while the map of neighbouring countries kept changing. Key to understand is, by supporting both parties you get their trust, information and resources. At the end it's not like both gonna live one has to go. Since both are unaware of two sided play, you as practionor of this law, emerged victorious in any situation. An analogy that strikes is, don't interfere in affair of hunting, ripe from them when both parties are worn out like a vulture. Keys to the power, is never subject yourself with any kind of emotions, always stays unaffectionate while showing not. One must not, that only cause the guilt or obligation to slowly eat you up. When your not attach you only think pragmatically. Law mentions to stay loyal to yourself never commit to others but yourself. The only advantage you gain is to transform yourself regardless of the surroundings. Taking example of chinas history, once a ruler did not intervene between two states battle, at last when nothing was left both sides were weard out, not only he gain to rescue one state but capture whole new other one. Same goes with castrusio he made internal conflict to win over the city. The learning is not rashly act, too choose and act slowly, not only gives time to think, but also the time to maneuver things around. Your actions of slowness, increase their will to feel commitment from you. It is not only the best use case of this. Slowly carefully laid steps are never disastrous. Where there might be circumstances where you don't want to keep false pretences around, you may want to build something from ground that can help in long run, just be polite to reject it. Can be understood by George Washington play, where he wanted to make basis of America bigger than europe, rather than gaining from France In short term. Law identifies remembrance, you don't have all time and resources in world to be held in others problems it will only wear you out. Decreasing you power. One must not believe that becoming neutral will pose you as heartless and losse respect, where you gain more respect when you help others for your own benifit. Good line goes like this, when their is already one interveneing fool don't be the second one. Which leads to reversal, you have apply this carefully you can't just go around making false promises, if you do this over an over many times, chances increase that your enemies came to know about this and team up against you. You loose trust and respect. Which is according to another law non negotiable. One advice law gaves is, while being courted by many make as many friends as possible, cause when you when your car is down, you can always ready to be going with someone else. The hopping is necessary here. Most importantly choose yourself, commit to yourself not others.