21
Law 21, showing that your less intelligent is most of the time good, people must know about person or situation they are dealing with to understand where to show less intelligence. Here it is not defaming yourself. Usually it is preety hard to control yourself from showing your intelligence to another. The fact of being less intelligent makes man feel less in control and hurt his self esteem. On the contrary one must pose as less intelligent a fool, it gains you valuable information, besides this one gains respect or kind of connection blooming, as people tend to like people that made them feel intelligent. Here posing as sucker gets their guard down. It will be easier to deceive than you think. When deceiving one of the first crucial step just might be this. And works efficiently when the target is overconfident, oversmart. Another benifit is that it gets rid of suspiciousness, no one suspects danger from person weaker than them. Lets take example of prospectors, they create a air of stupidity around them, when they started the rumour they make sure of it to show them less in power, less intelligent compare to people they wanted to attract. When they attracted attention, they made sure to keep that air. When initially they were offer 100 thousand dollars for assurance, they didn't just said yes, but they fumbled upon it, it made sure to financer that they could be easy to deceive. For instance where they were on ney york, their appearance, behaviour, reactions all pointed to lower level mans, foolish types. They nailed to set that impression. Then the grand scheme's final stage started, they were offered 700 thousand dollars. They accepted it not looking like exciting alot just instead just happy enough to have the money. Which perfectly keeps the smokescreen. This is how by pretending less intelligent they were able to throw one of the biggest scams of that time, which included a rosthchild. Well theres a example of bismark, who applied law perfectly, he knew the saying about opponent, he wanted him convinced any how. So he played bad quize as possible add bit of non humor elements along with senseless words. He made an impression of fool and aggressive man, as all of Persia was known for. Opponent sought to this, and goes like, this man is far less of threat, we can use him deceive him, hence he overlooked the treaty and fell for bismarks trap. Law can be explained by an phrase from China, masquerading, this means a hunter dresses like pig, moving towards tiger, tiger thinks it's an easy prey so he allows him closer but hiding inside hunter hunts him down. Here dress of pig represents less intelligence fool, which tiger the target falls for. Same by louis example to stay behind youngness of him, wating for the time to strike in and caught everyone off guard. Oppssum also applies the law to survive. Which leads to the reversal, here most of the time it is not usefull to show your true potential until do or die ofcourse. Well obviously playing won't get you up in ladder, but by showing you true form to those who are judges not compitition one may go up the ladder. Well, showing your intelligence brings trusts, respect, sense of aura that's dictates that you worth hanging around with. So use to hide your deception, cover your con by your intellect. Explained by duveen example where he quits a kid who says the art is mostly fake, by saying in confident tone and authoratively that there are 20 more people out there far beyond your experience and you say the painting is fake. Making him apologize. To note here is he also add facts that are true, to build you cover better, an evidence kills the confidence of opponent. Hence one must express less when deceiving and gathering info but use full expressiveness for hiding your con.