22
Law 22, surrender, weak people have limited options when facing powerful ones. Either surrender or run or fight back. In fighting back, it really has no point. Well don't confuse youry in words. There will be times when fighting even though you know you will be defeated is not always bad. Here the point is why shed blood, where you can lower your swords and smak dirt in face of enemy and attack them. If your sacrifice doesn't inspire alot, then let your surrender and course of actions to revenge inspire people. Law says why be dead then, lower yourself prepare and fight back. Here key is that lowering yourself will make opponent feel submissive, he may leave you out of pity, more importantly is that he thinks that no more harm can come from your side, hence guard is lowered. For the time you stay lowered, you get time to comeback, prepare, plot revenge, time to focus your energy. While doing so, you are hided by cloak of lull, often than not, nobody suspects you of anything cause you have surrendered. Surrenderimg can be usefull, while you surrendered, you have even more info, eyes on enemy than before. You can gain all the insights a man can have about their enemy. Your submission, shows that you have given up, and like every other man, your opponent doesn't kill you out of pity though it could be the reason sometimes, but an nature of human to look greater than you are, by sparing you not only it shows your mercy but ethics about warfare, which makes good impression amoung public. So it is unlikely to get killed when surrendered. Usually man craves total destruction, there is no middle path, but when you submit, opponent can't get any more angry, or will show his pathological need of victory lack of mercy and etc. in that unsettling of your opponent the best option he has to let you go, be the rightous man or whatever to look good. Surrender is a good tool, but when your values are than your want or need to be victorious than you fight for your cause not for the outcome this makes good impact, it impacts future generations, a mark that can't be removed. This might be the reversal. When your cause you belief in it is high, and more importantly it is right, sometimes it is good to leave impact of martyrs than leave an impact of coward and deceive ness. In the end of your goal is teach why your cause is important you must give what you have, but when cause is not important your own pathological need of victory is greater than that, this way you may secure both in long term. Lets take transgression of the law by example of Athens and melos, here melos is weak side, backed some big land. Athens were the Navy seals of that era. Athens were pragmatic, they laid out surrender choice to them, they know as well as melos, that powerful will do whatever is right for him, here melos were indulged in pride respect and believe that spartans their mother colonizer would come to defend. But melos were weak, usually no one come to protect weak, even leave that aside spartans had nothing to gain then to lose. This is the reason to avoid bloodshed Athens proposed surrender choice. But melos disagreed and become the cause of their destruction. Now let's take example of bertolt brecht, he was russian, starting to believe in communists. He was poet, hence he wrote in idealogy of communists. Later he traveled to us and seeked his bread and butter in Hollywood. Later his communist written parts of poem or scripts have entered hollywood, though It wasn't a great career. He didn't succeed. So he soon began to move back to Europe where he might influence more people. But realisation came late, he was summoned in court for communist behaviour. He believed by submitting himself, he will be left out, but hollywood people who believed in communism and worked with brecht, they believe to attack play martyr would be good. Soon brecht was summoned, he shocked committee by being submissive and polite. Arguments became to take the place. All replies of him were polite and submissive, which gave them no reason to take harsh reaction. He also used word games to fight his way in argument. After this, he moved to europe and keep on his beliefs. One thing to learn is, when you can do more to your cause by living, a cowards way is not wrong. At the end it only serves your cause. It is basic psychology, people feel good around people who are submissive giving impression of respect, here is where there guard is down. Overreactiveness to situation causes people to blunder. This way you play your hand rashly. Not good at all. Rather use your opponents overreactness against him. Take notes coz when in anger, people what's really inside. To not overreact is to stay in control, gather info and fight back hard. It gives control, power stays with you. Nevertheless don't get caught up in words, use your submission just to show, not believe that, don't surrender and leave your cause, either be like a serpent, slowly wrap up the prey, and bite with long collected posion of their actions. There are some other observance of law by the act of king goujian in China, where surrendered, worked as stable manager, for 3 years, and then defeated the opponent silently. The art of the law explained by japanese example, in 19s japanese were threatened by foreign traders. Here japan, acted submissively, they accepted their trades, while keeping their culture in mind, they started to grasp where foreigners were better, power themselves up. Make a global reputation of themselves. This way you remove option of cultural invasion and preserve your culture by being serpent. If they hadn't done that, foreigners may have tried to conquer it and loose their culture forever. And another good example was of the joker. Where by over submissive, inflicts and shows ridiculousness of opponents. The joker book, says, prisoners and guards had relay races, here prisoners don't agressivly tried to win, they played to lose. Do what they were told but by over doing what they were said. This makes guards feel ridiculous. Well they can't take action also cause they were just doing the thing they were told. Well here power is flux, varies every moment. When you weakened, you should surrender and pick yourself again, teaching yourself discipline, self control, patience which are key to it. A perfect analogy explained was when oak tree bends with winds, it keeps it branches and grows it's trunk, roots and its size, where one that opposes the wind losses lits branches, and eventually fall. Reversal here is just one thing to keep in mind, when your existence in longterm benifits your cause then surrender. But if it doesn't fight for glory. Make impact in history that influences generations, making you cause immortal. And also keep in mind that when you are dead you don't experience the power or impact you left on generations but it's you belief in the cause that is what is worth fighting for. Always keep in mind, pendulum always comes back.