23
Law 23, concentration one of rare tool which is Mastered by people lately, in this mixed world, too many distractions, too many things to do. Ones mind often deviates from the key goal. Concentration doesn't only mean that to keep your Focus on what you are doing when you doing it, but keep yourself in constant state of concentration where your goal is what you see, nothing else. No distractions to diverge from your main goal, sticking to it is best option. As a quote goes by, if you are good at doing something master it, it is only matter of time when people will fade and compitition falls. One just have to outlast people in this world full of distraction, stick whatever your main goal is. Here's where the most important rule comes in choose intensity or extensity. Just like quality over quantity. Now again this serves the purpose most of the time, their may be exceptions. Your Focus should be on mastering that thing, so all your energy goes their only anything else is wastage of time. Can be aligned with multitasking and single tasking, with few exceptions. Just as mining constantly in one direction, rather than leaving for another path too early. What law tries to say is, when diverge your Focus concentration to many things, there many variables involved. You can't control them all, which brings some level of instability. When you diverge you focus, it is easy to penetrate through one weak point. As a quote says, if there is no need of fight don't fight. Don't diverge, conserve your force for one goal. Transgression of this can be understood by example of Wu king, in greedy of expansion, he did it so aggressively. Which weakens him from the core. The empire falled just like another. Concentrate on one goal, accomplish it and move on to new one, while your Focus is one you are focused on every cons or pros of it. Knowing all danger is present or will be. King of Wu failed to understand that. Now one may ask how to use the law. Well one should focus on one thing, don't let too many variables in. Don't make mistake of diverging cause it expands probability of plots of deception, one can't focus on too many variables. One must build an circle of trust, keep everything hidden from world, expansion is not issue, neither dividing your Focus, it's just the cons it brings, rather than to do so, fixate tasks to person you trust. This way work is done, expansion is possible with minimal risk, your key concentration here should be to keep the circle of trust secure, no Trojan horses could be allowed. This what rosthchild did, over their banking course, they did diverge to increase their reach over Europe, but while focusing on just one goal, doing something that fills the whole. Rosthchild keep power between them, no outsider allowed. They managed to increase revenue overtime just cause of their expertise and their work rule, keeping the power within family allows maneuverability, clarity of decisions. They avoided having serpants. Dividing is not issue, but when weak, having less power, people can't just keep their focus on different things, cause ther is not enough power to control all at once. So a weak person best choice is to focus on one until power is achieved. Even so, dividing focus must be done cautiously only do so when you have control over the operation completely. It can be understood completely that power intensiveness of something rather than extension of it. Bearing some exceptions where both are proportional to each other. To say for sure, when climbing initial ladder to power, one must keep this in their arsenal. Even when needing help, one must not resort to many people, keeping one good one is also enough. Most of the time, by loyalty of yours, their are delighted and in long run they do serve you. Concentration is all about the knowledge about what to do, how to do, and whose pulling the strings really. A perfect analogy that book has, an arrow, it can only hit one. Concentration and arrow must become one, only with this your pierce your target. Well the thing here is to know that, focusing on quantity will only get you good level of work, and one often settles for that instead of the best one. Quality is mastery over something. It is valued more than many of good quantity of things. Looking at reversal of the law. For the weak, often then not, dividing forces is good. It does have its sort of insurance policy if one fails there will be another for backup. When weak clustering up is not good, only gives advantage to opponent. Same goes with help, you patrons are many, so if one falls other can cover, here lot of deception could be done between multiple parties. Keeping mind the bat example, one must go to far dividing their source of power, where all come to know about eachother and refuses you of any support, just like bat, not mammel not a bird. And in the end it does depend on what are you doing. Does it require doing multiple things just like in art. Focus should clearly depend upon what is the nature of your work, where you stand in power, and nature of surroundings you are dealing with. Theres always silver line to this law, identify it and exploit it.