24
Law 24, courtier in literal sense, throughout history, we have uncountable examples of courtiers some observance ones and many transgression ones. In court power resides at the centre. Every courtier plays around it. Courtiers have way of dealing with all. It includes yielding, flattering, humbleness, manners and  asserting power. Well in history, numerous tales of people in court, describes ways dealing with king work and colleagues. This dealings done ensures yourself life or death. Every courtier should master manipulation, politeness, aggression, words, flattering, grabbing attention, deceiveness, indirect insults or warnings. Among many these are few. Lets talk about laws of court politics of this law 25. Avoid saying and bragging too much about yourself, it gives no satisfaction to others and you look needy and pooky. More you talk, more you give away which is against law conceal your intentions. It provokes envy jealousy treachery and backstabbing. Here modesty is preferable, and also to mention your deeds in subtle way, not too pushy not too vague. Don't be workaholic, always be like you doing the job with no sweat let others figure out what it taked to be done, never announce you work as hard and don't seem workaholic. This will only push people away. Rather confuse them by your reaction and suprise them with outcome. Use flattering, keep in mind a line, you may flatter anyone for their deeds, it puts you on good side of them, but never too much of it, to seem suspicious. Keep the line in mind. Arrange to be noticed, use appearance as tool, look different be different to catch attention without having to seem needy for it. In subtle way only. Tit for tat, be the same person you are dealing with, change your body language, words, styles according to the man you are dealing with. Behaving same can inflict insecurity or resentment to people. It also promotes your disability to adapt to situation. Don't be the one who brings bad news. Always thump it on colleagues, deny it. Whatever just don't be that, rulers kill who brings bad news. Bring only good news be on the good side of people your surrounded by. Never behave with intimacy or friendlyness with your master. Behave within the boundaries. If you don't either suffer wrath or being put down by them. Don't criticize the ones above you. You are not supposed to do what highlights bad of your master. Seems most common sublaw to know. Even if necessary to do so, use your words carefully, depict anything or draw attention from examples where you are not highlighted for being the one who criticizes. Asking favours, in conquests of power you must need help from people above or below you. It is suggested to keep favours in limit, never too much to be put down never too low to be drown by your problems. It is advised to earn favours rather than beg for it. It feels more obligated for the other person as you have also done them a favour. Joke about appearance and taste, it is fatal, these are personal attributes that are liked by themselves, but they don't like people being aware of it and knowing how bad it is. One must not do that, always stay on the good side of people. Its not that you shouldn't be humorous or witty just know when to use it and especially not for appearance and taste. Don't be the person who criticizes everything, usually people do that do seem above than competition, your self esteem doesn't allow to appreciate others. These will only bring clouds over you. Well it is important to appreciate gently to show you mean it but not that you don't even recognise it. Hold the mirror against you. Be reflective about yourself, your doings from others perspective. Take cues from yourself, how bad or what improvement do you require on field of life. You can notice it by critisism from others, people usually focus on people who critics rather than what critisism they did. Focus on improving yourself by feedbacks and critisism. Keep you emotions in control. Law 3 conceal your deeds, don't show all of your cards, to express yourself immediately, take time pause, then react what is necessary, don't exaggerates it only shows your true colors. Keep everything in control, express yourself as necessary be an actor summon emotions at will. Spirit of times, one must be adapt to changing time, change the way you see it, yes it may contradicts you believes. One can't be the old self constant change is required, it is enough to mimic what's going on rather than mastering it. Be the fountain of pleasure, be the one that brings joy. Be the one who pleases the master. Since life is more unpleasant your pleasantness is worth more. Well it is not easy to be the favourite, one must be witty or charming. Or one that like being a jester. Well one does not have to go down this road just control the unpleasant moments and increase pleasant ones it will be enough. There are many observance and transgression of sublaw and law itself. First where master alexander needed a companion to talking about philosophy, due vast knowledge of Alexander, companion thought to say bitter would be nice for someone who conquests knowledge should be open to any critisism or truth. At the end he was beheaded, means don't be honest, never critisis the master. Second scene, in old times, kings were incredibly self obsessed, every courtier knew they can't utter word of critisism or warnings. Same goes with han Dynasty, here courtiers used examples purely fictional ones to steer the kings actions by addressing the past scenarios, it warns king without source of warning beheaded. Means ever needed to criticise always use example indirect approach where work is done without you beheaded and even not even considered as cynic. Third scene, french architect at Versailles, he always played better socially than with his skills. He always showed or atleast made king looked talented than everyone in the room, he would often plant minor mistakes easy to grasp, and when king recognise it, he flatters king for recognition. Basically master should feel more than others obviously never outsmart them. Your social skills matter as well as skill and talents. Fourth scene, a painter faced dilemma by finding himself being in between of two masters. Both wanted to be the center of painting, only thing to note is, it is good skill to do 2 things with one shot. His ability to do that determines his place in eyes of his master, never betray one for another, nor provoke them against. Please them both in a way that no harm comes to you. Scene fifth, where a fashion master forgot his boundaries, due to his attitude towards people being same whoever they were. He joked about the appearance of prince, instead of being beheaded, prince never invited him over again, from then fashion expert declined to poverty. One line do not criticise appearance and taste of your master. Scene sixth, goes the same, where pope was reminded of his true level of poetry writing. Obviously it is not something to do, at best you will loose connection at worst beheaded. Taste is personal attribute everyone is insecure about it. To point that out in public is never fruitful. Seventh scene, a ruler fell asleep in garden coz he was drunk, a of his employee saw him cover him with his coat. Later in morning king didn't liked it, he punished coat-keeper and the employee who did was beheaded, means one may only do what is assigned for never more, doing so made it seem suspicious, highlightes incompetence. Obviously irritating to master. Avoid it at best. Scene eight, long story short there was a painter captured by pirate, painter used his talent to show his masters, giving him spotlight, gain recognition for himself too, at the end he was returned to his land. Key is to use your talents to shine your master giving him credit is also good, it will also gain you some of recognition. Use master as pedestal. Scene ninth, talks about favours, favours once must ask only few times, you may not ask too much, it looks deceiveness, suspicious and needy. Only ask for what you have earned. Never too much. Explained by king and his servant having dreams, once king fullfill it, second time he put down servant. Scene tenth, it highlights relationship between colleagues, one must not provoke them, outshine them, never do anything unnecessary for that moment, sometimes it is good to play low, let others think they have it. Avoid any unnecessary had feelings. Explained by two painters, one makes tweaks to his painting, to look less good. Just to avoid harsh feelings. Cause everybody knows who was better, there was no intention making other feel envy or hard. Scene eleventh, even when in power, you must not neglect the one with less, for today and old times, court is subjected by public, every step determines your image. One must not neglect image. When Winston Churchill was criticised he returned the painting with, tweaks, hence even when in power never seem to disrespect one with less power, always keep everyone on your good side. Nothing good comes from bearing unnecessary hard feelings. We don't have any reversal for the law, as there is nothing good, that comes from not obeying law or the sublaws, but there is a warning, an example of talleyrand one of the best courtiers. It included series of events where talleyrand maneuver things around. He planted fake board and wild rabbits. Deceiveing napoleon, napoleon wasn't fan of this, talleyrand through the use of words managed to get out of the bad side of napoleon. This teaches us that one must not let the master know the deceiving you have done. It tooks months for napoleon to trust talleyrand. Nevertheless don't cross the line and if you do, hide it. That willl be it for the law.