25
Law 25, recreation of your self, law says don't stick with self that is imposed by others around you. You should build your own personal self, anyway you want. Your character can't be larger than life if it isn't magnificent, and what is generally magnificent is not courted by people. Law says, you may want create yourself in a way that you court every attention, your gestures draw attention and your aura becomes magnificent. You may want an impression that made public seem that you are larger than life. This is the thing that will enhance your power and character. The new identity of yourself shouldn't be what you don't like, choose or build one that you would not tire off for long time. Ambition is powerful. Why would someone need to recreate themselves, well your current self is most likely inherited, molded with companies. Which means unless people around you are not a level upper than you, you have nothing to gain. One may need to focus on ability to court attention, maintain it. This may include changing most of part of your routine. By this you will be have enhanced power. Bear in mind company matters. Lets take observance of the law, Caesar in his quest of power, he learned early that persistent attention, and elements accompany it, are important to gain power. Not only that it influence people around you, you become a symbol, you cast loyalty in all those people around you, making them they are bound for great purpose. While a man has a purpose he will obey. All this can be achieved by elements of it, like courting attention, being unique every time, create suspence that eats them up, always be the center of attention, court more than anyone can, understand people around you motivated or bind them with you by any means necessary. Caesar did this, had attention of whole rome. This bounds his vision to that of loyalty of people. He is already larger than life for everybody. He knew how to speak more with less words. His speeches were well written from normal to scholar everyone can get it. Caesar knew the value of suprise appearances, create suspence, even knows the use of sympathy it can court attention evry when matter is serious and important of all he knew how to be the symbol around people. All by knowing what type of people he is dealing with, what they want and what they don't want. One must master these things to be powerful leader just by appearances. Lets take another observance, a lady in 18s left to Paris in dream of pursuing writing career. Without initial power she won't get anything in the city. Harsh truth, that at that time there weren't much of women in writing field. She found a loop hole. She wrote a novel which was published under george sand author, nick name during old days writers use to do that. Now during that times, she knows that she won't be appreciated than many make writers out there. She used it as camouflage, she often disguised as man many times to create air of curiosity around people. As some may need to know, it is not important to show what you feel, you need to express what people want like you feel that even though you don't feel it. Using the name she had freedom, so it's like give world what they want even if you don't want that for your own benifit ofcourse. She created new identity new her, she break the limitations posed by the society at that time. The rule here is to create yourself that you want not how others want you, here you dont set any boundaries to your role. As actor can play many roles. Don't let people define who you are, make yourself a new you, that difaice limitations posed by the society. Creating many roles you create many possibilities of predictability, usefull against enemies. The roles you play are protection for you. The key is to show role to specific person only, stirring up roles, confuses them and induces intrest. There are two steps perhaps to do this, one must be the master of his soul and mind. One must be deciplined and control emotions at will. Just like a good actor, actor can show many set of emotions trick others but not have need to feel the emotion itself. Second thing would be, anything you do that breaks the retro limitations, something that courts attention at your will. That creates and defines your role or character. One that outhisne everyone. As with example of artist who completely hided his paintings, and posers well enough to create intrest in people, here he holds more power by not showing any key hint about the painting. His ability court attention to himself is why he holds power more the king or queen just at that time. Take abraham Lincoln who was photographs his image for impressions. He was homespun president. Intresting thing is, while you achieve attention through let's say drama, you are bound to use suprise, suspence, appearance and standout moments. One needs to master it, along with this he or she should have knowledge about rythm or flow of presentation, it could be ascending or descending. Which ever rythm you choose make sure public dances with it. Rythm allows you to sync attention, helps you build up a flow of presentation, which courts attention and doesn't let people get bore or distract. Which FDR used in his political campaigns. One seems to deceive people with help of drama, your multiple roles confuses them. Your speech, tactics rythm fools them. Brecht used this to escape US, he used props, he knew committee likes, fooled them by breaking the chain of aggressive arguments. While courting attention your first impression and last one should be carefully and successfully played. Means exit and entrance. Where down side to overreact is convey your insecureness, you should be different and above the ones who you are on stage with. Perfect analogy for this is become water, polymorph yourself into many forms. As world knows water makes its up always. Key that is shown here is to, give what you recieved, for example be rude with rude person. Well here there is no reversal to this, just line of being dramatic and embarrassment. Basically overacting. Avoid this and you will have center of attention.