26
Law 26, reputation matters, as in previous law, never be the bearer of the bad news. Always keep your image positive. Well does not mean no mistake should happen it will happen. But clever person hides the deed, shifts blame, using others to get his work done. One should use scapegoats and cat paws. Scapegoats, one must always keep people around you that will take the blame. This people are not hard to find, you throw some rewards in exchange and they will take responsibility without knowing. Scapegoats, and term defined when sin of people transferred to goat and left it alone. Choosing of scapegoats is purely circumstantial, more innocent man you choose, more suspicion may arrive. Choose according to the situation, doesn't matter if the man is innocent or not, it should connect dots in publics mind. Explained in example given in law, a chinese ruler, blunders, reaction to this was resentment in his army, he sought to it, choose a powerful man who can take the blame which fits picture also. In this way his incompetence is not shown which is necessity of scapegoats. Here ruler maintained his image conflicted fear in army and established sense of control in them. Well apologies or excuses don't cut it. Apologies inflict incompetence and so does excuses. One is uncomfortable situation where other doesn't satisfy. Best to use scapegoats and distract attention from you. Same goes with cesare borgia, he wanted a lawfull city that he captured, he appointed a ruthless general knowing well later on he will be hated but good way to enforce the law. He doesn't want any bad reputation front this, so employees the general after some time people started to resent him. Then he beheaded the general in middle of busiest street. It shows his non involvement in decisions of the general serves justice for people. This is much easier to do as guilt here is less, instead of accusing an innocent man, a wrong man will do. The trick is, people don't seem to recall bad in themselves, they always find it outside. Hence the key is to give them the outside flaw rather than pissing them off of their own flaws. Today scapegoats is still relevant just less bloody. The only line to see here is, don't choose victim to small that he becomes martyr, you must stay the victim of others incompetence. And old tactics used were, fall of the favourite. Kings used to have a favourite they sacrificed them if any mistakes happen, it secure his image no one would think why king did to his favourite person he must had done something wrong. No doubt comes to you. Well Ethical thing would be to take the blame, doesn't support much on your side. But always use least damage way for a scapegoat. There were examples like this of FDR, mao tse Tung and etc. one must know how to use others to do your work, never get your hands dirty. Your reputation is what should be clean. Same goes here you throw some rewards people may do it without knowing of deceiveing. This comes from monkey who uses cats paws to take chestnuts outof fire. Most of the time is it is far more fatal to do the work yourself than use someone for it. Take example of cleopatra, she wanted to rule egypt single handedly, but seeing past mistakes of her sister, she managed to get Ceaser and marc to their dirty work. She didn't want resentment of the public of killing her siblings, she manipulate both and subdue her goal. It is like snake is killed and stick is also fine. There are two use cases of cat's paws, one can save its image, appearance and effort like cleopatra. Another is to plan, use the cat's paw for both vanquish the common enemy, and in process defeat the rival. This comes from the chinese story. Nationalist grabbing the bait against japanese, main benifit was gained by communist reducing army of nationalist while fighting japanese invasion. Theres a good story of Japan, it typically says what to grant a favour. Now it should be done with care, you don't want stir up some resentment. The burden of favour with obviousness is not fruitfull. Instead it says you should make yourself the cat's paw. Yeah you will have swoop chestnuts out of fire, you will get burn bit, but more essentially you gained trust respect and all that without being obvious about the favour. In the story, friend of courtier was in debt, knowing him, courtier went for a visit, he saw artifacts in friends house. Intentionally praising one painting, in some time friend offered courtier the painting, after running around circle, courtier accepted it. Next day he sent beautiful vase to his friend as a token of respect, he elegantly placed a thought, if he didn't wanted the vase, i heard merchant was really interested in that vase, since merchant is whom his friend owed money. He quickly went and cleared his debt. This is what it means to be cats paws yourself. You may lose something but you helped a friend in elegant way. You see a good quote in book by kautilya crooked trees stays the straight ones gets cut off. Moral is your approach or doing anything should not be too straight forward. What's the importance of the cat's paws, one may think doing the work yourself impose power or fear. But it only dulls you image, one must keep hands clean, and you cat's paws to do dirty work and in time getting rid of it. It like saying, king may go to battle but should never be seen with blood on face. Book deliberately says one must not do something that others can do for you. Always looking forward, make plans where you want someone to do something for you. Plan sequence of events predicting their move and maneuver them in doing what you want. Like chinese leader stole arrows from the enemy. One of the best interpretation was one of the yellow kid, popular con artist, he never went straight to sucker for offering a con deal. But you use a friend of the sucker to convince him to get in the deal. It is an art of planting false information to anyone that you know will be passed to the primary target. Book also states that being the cats paws is not bad, one may do the work pleasantly that the dividend is much devine. Not only you gain respect but it recompense with satisfaction and powerful. Example cats paws are soft padded, long. Once manipulate the cat, your work is done without cat feeling anything. Only good things should be done by you, which brings favours and bad things to third parties. Reversal, cats paws should be used with great care, if you fail, your cover is blown and your image goes down and you may be hold accountable for things you may not did. It is far more safer to use it when no serious harm can be done even if it fails. Nevertheless, one may do dirty work himself to impose fear but not too often for growth of resentment. And accept you mistake for showing loyalty. At the end, cats paws and escape goats are far safer then doing it yourself.