27
Law 27, power is sustaining form of aura kept from self-actions and followers, law says that emence power comes from a cult like following. People who are blind to the true fact, following you like a prophet, followers that are so well entertained by lies and gimmicks wrapped in gold plated words that they don't consider being skeptic. Law states that the it is nature of human beings to rush into believing something, after all everyone needs a cause. People are focused on their problems not solutions, some rare people step up and solve them, some problems run deep that it confuses them, but the nature of human being demands a quick overall solution, at the end thats what attracts them, I like to say that if you can provide convience, solve a simple problem, then people will be attracted by whatever thing you are offering. Cults or group of following that are hard bent on believers are easier as people will always choose hope and convience over rational thinking. First step, if your speech is direct, focused on technicality and process, people will be confused and even if they follow cause you explained with facts they will expect the same from you. It is never easy to meet expectations. To gain power and following, charlatans are good example. They use vauge speeches, they don't focus not how complex it is or how it works. They just pitch is simple, what is does, after all people want to believe in miracle then the facts. While you please the crowd, the focus of your cunningness should make them believe blindly. Its also the allure or trait of crowd that person will not be skeptic given the overpowered crowd reasoning, like of this many people are here this must be true. It will condem the force of doubts too. Keeping the idea vague let's people fill the lies, gap, connect the things blindly, believing that it makes sense and will work. Vague speeches may not be enough, but paired with enthusiasm, sparkly or fancy words works good for deception. Step 2 as crowd gets bigger you have two dangers boredom and skepticism. If not entertained boredom will reduce crowd and enable them to think rationally. Best way to keep boredom away is that you surround yourself with luxury, fancy vocabulary. Try to please all senses, smell, sight, hear, taste, touch. Which helps keep them hooked to lies. To make your item appear magical paired it with history, distant unknown cultures or their methods to sound more mystical. Step 3 now that you have crowed, more and more crowd is hard to manage. So you organise it, plan some rituals and methods that an individual person can do. Keep them in believe that this things work. Divide them in groups of sancity. Actually like a guru, shaman. People like to believe that they are good being, keep them in this loop and you shall find your power. Step 4, source of income of this sort of cults should never be questioned, as your money comes from your followers. Create a vauge answers, make them follow methods that they follow in false pretence that it worked for you then it will work for me. Reveal the source of income and you loose following. Always keep things shadowed. Provide them with the belief that you or organisation is non profit. Step 5, in the world of people, you will find rational, skeptic people, now they are the target, questioning your ways to break the following. Create a pretence of enemy, force of non believers that will not understand and oppose you, do anything you to stop you. Thus you don't need to care about enemy, let your followers make sacrifices and defend your deception. As always people need a cause a purpose, give that and see yourself rise. Make them believe that they are part of elite club, superior to non believers and see the magic happen. This follows with 3 stories, each of them explaining how to create illusion using mystical things and create air or smoke screen which they can't see through, a perfect example that was given, goes as be a magnet, attract people, use invisible force to create illusion pret on their imaginations and keep or bind them together. Key note is, charlatans reveals openings and finds what the person already wants to believe, and pushes it, to create illusion which they don't doubt. Reversal of the law, advices that a charlatans play with fire, they should always keep their bags packed inscase they needed to flee. They should always keep an eye out for doubts, keep spies for information. If you suspect anyone doubting, it is easier to isolate them and decive them individually, as an individual person is prone to suggestions and intimidation. Being a charlatan, one thing, first step is the most important. Choose the right sucker.