28
Law 28, Boldness, by far the book makes it clear that fragile and timid are not welcomed in the world. Everyone likes the tough bold person. There is literally no one that admires timidity. Although as said in the reversal of the this law, untill and unless you use it for deception and cover it up with bold act. Mainly to force fear on them. Boldness is essentially being daring, taking risks, confidence by definition. Everyone and every action that takes place to claim power happens because of risks, ambition, daring, confidence. Timidity will not get you throne. Book implies that hesitation kills the bold act. Breaks confidence flow and gives time for people to think of doubts, find holes in words, see through your deception. Hesitation implants obstacles, you yourself keep trying to find some another solution and creating more problems where it is wise to go with confidence. There is given benefits of this act of boldness. 1st bolder the lie the better, can't agree more. Boldness, confidence, daring shows will, audacity creates air of credibility. Basically draws attention, which follows power. 2nd book says people have an eye for the weaks, they can't spot them out. For example negotiating with start of timid doesn't work. World pushes who are timid even though the person himself is not bloodthirsty if I quote the book. Which implies that, showing you weakness even to timid person, they will walk you over without mercy. 3rd the most used emotions against people is fear. Your daring approach, your confidence creates fear in people's mind. And so far that books clearly mentioned fear creates authority. It is well known that best defence is offence, fear keeps people on their defence, more time they are on their defence, more they are distracted to your cunningness. 4th life doesn't reward who does not put its efforts to the end. As book says acting or doing something halfway with half confidence in heart will only dig the grave deeper. Essentially creating hurdles for yourself, it's the self doubt or say lack of confidence that may act as one or the final step to the decline. as I journaled here 5th point says hesitation will only give others to process things, thoughts, flaws in your plan. Boldness does not give time to think, which means people act on impulse. When people sees the confidence, daringness they want to believe it's true, as it only makes the convo more believable. 6th one says the audacity of your move defines the impact of your act. More audacity draws attention, it makes it seem more than life something epic. Something that is not normal. That's why it attracts more attention hence power. Book leads with 3 stories, first one is quite amusing somebody actually sold the effile tower to a scrapper, and I guess he did it more than once. First thing this kind of con requires is bold lie. I mean the target and monumental lie had to match. It is almost not certain to pull of this kind of con by refusing boldness. Then there is the prince of Russia or something I don't quite get the picture of it. He already had guards on his side it didn't matter if he hit bold or casual outcome might just be the same. Third story also didn't have much effect on me than the first one. Talking about the reversal, I can sum it up in few lines. Timidity is only useful for getting petty attention, it is useful only to fake it and strike bolder. Thats it, but I guess you should consider the audience first before making bold or exaggerated move, just in case someone is smart enough to call your bluff.