3
Law 3, part 1, so far in it, it says that clear idea of what you want to public is harmful as they can predict and plann against you easily, usually it is most of people, well it works around saying that it is great tool to maneuver you opponents in wrong from where they can't come back or its too late, there is a tale of boy and girl where boy creates intrest in girl by imploding jealousy, mixed signals etc. which works as effective, explains that when they don't have idea what you are going to do they are more intrigued and focused to predict your first move this makes you valuable. Value creates thick air layer of belief that the other person is something very different worth finding or having. The moment you loose value you loose there attention they think your just a normal person and stop taking intrest in you which is not what he had expected. Then book says great how to implement it by persian man who knows the risk of current situation so he does opposite to what everyone wants and what ruler wants, eventually giving something of mix signals cause everyone believed war was good option, instead he saw the long run, gain power strengthens army, and then attack, this was not something opponent would expect. Often people confuse themselves with honesty and sincerity, while they see it and believe it as it is, which comes in handy to show false sincerity throwing them off to completely new direction. So it says using honesty is blunt method most people think that it means being natural, bring trust etc. while it also brings predictability. Which inevitably lowers your respect and fear. Then there is herring.another good example was that french army to capture a fort and let it take back, but knowing what they would after capturing it, it would make easier to straight them down the road. While sincerity is delicate subject where you appear more passionate and you raise more suspicions. It says how to use to your benifit as honesty if you control it and bend words it's good decoy tool. Okay that would be it for part one as always note this and also give a critical review what not and what yes. For part 2, it is all about smoke screens and deception. First theres a warlord, came to power and use deception to prolong it's reign, he cleverly diverted the another warlords mind to trick him into that it was trap, more over showing mixed signals like allowing his 600 men with him, this made opponent ambiguous, opponent returns and finds army gone, sellasi played very knowing all along what opponent will do I. That situation and checkmate him, it proves that smoke screens are built by mixed signals, honesty or a decoy. Another story of American man who deceived a millionaire by thinking that he will fall for boxing match not right a way but through out time. He studied millionaire and set up a plan, perfect plan where he would forget his money and ran, it shows that millionaire had lost just after accepting to buy lodge where it was perfect demonstration of familiar which worked as smokescreen and deceived millionaire. Law talks about an uninterpreted face a face that can't be predict proves to be vital device to deceive someone, if they can read their face they can't predict and can't  win, examples would be fd Roosevelt and rosthchilds. Along with this it talks about blending, wherever you can blend more, less incpicious you seem and less suspicious you seem. Blending in somewhat shows honesty or good gesture by using right words, most people are fooled by that. Nobel gesture gives sense of honesty and makes the person feel trusted and vice versa. It completely fools the person in believeing that nothing can go wrong that person is my friend and there won't be any danger cause they are blinded by screen so smooked it unclear how bad intentions can be of another person. Another step is pattern you follow a pattern some times and it is sure that opponent excepts that again this where you came from back and full fill your goal explained by man and union bank example. Where gesture was explained by artist who build gesture for riches and continue the cashflow of his. When you do a deception more times it is more likely to get noticed and predictable enough to defend oneself against you, it is to remember that you may use deception but carefully that how well people are familiar with that, which means keep your deception as private as possible and public as possible when you are sure there is no way back for the opponent, you may loose your value in doing deception even when they don't work, so from that point it is better to own your deception and continue to own your strangeness.