4
Law 4, it talks less than any laws proving it self, well the less you talk more mysterious you appear, it can be applied to anything like making people intrigued, take intrest in you along with that seductive it may seem. It actually pairs with law 3 art of deception and smoke screens, concealing you intension, one can only achieve that by talking less. One decrease vulnerability by saying  less and less dangerous situation it becomes. Perfect example is louis who spoke very few words famous lines by him were short like I am state and I shall see, the less people no about his intentions or plann, more harder for them to deceive him, because non knew what is expectes and what he doesn't. Book says silence block will as nature of humans to fill awkward silences. More you listen more you have to hold against them which is helpful to predict them. Book says that power resides in silence, mysterious ness, as people like what they here, and is first instinct to believe it explained in law 3. Less you say more secret you become and less people know about your true intensions, now intension are achieved this way and explained by example of roman battlefield lengend. Then an event where kissinger Smartly use psychology to get what he wanted, noticeable thing is that he only used one sentence Is this best you can do, which is just great do deceive people when you know more about them. Then a case of Russia rebellion, says the same In context to that the less you speak more your chances of having a neck. Here one thing I left is when you speak less it makes people more ambiguous about your intentions and moreover ambiguous about the whole thing, power is when you use enigmatic sentence or words which even without understanding them seem more valued and honoured, this is how you keep your intentions conceal and hold power, secrecy,fear ultimately the one In control. These leaves us with the reversal, where book talks about how it increases suspicions when you talk less it is not wise to use this everywhere, if you are more silent blame can shift to you in sense when you are hiding something even if you aren't. Book says you seem less susceptible when you talk more, more foolish you appear infront of others, its just as deception using smokescreen of words. I would say there by a silver lining that needs to be identified and practice the law itself to master it, by reconciliation the laws till now.﻿
To conclude it is beneficial to keep silent but not when you have to deceive.