5
Law 5, reputation something that is Powerful enough that deceptions are sometimes not even necessary. Theres a saying that your reputation precedes you which means where ever you go you already being imagined on based or your reputation before even you arrive. So the goal is to keep our reputation intact. I got curious how a man builds reputation when he has non, this was explained by p.t.barmun story, where he himself not known well enough but he used doubts as his tool, when he had non he planned to destroy opponents reputation to gain his from a newspaper campaign. Doubts well very subtle thing, you are putting yourself on too of a out front that if it goes sideways there is minimum damage to your reputation, doubt, using it makes a quite a dilemma for opponent where they can't defend to desparately to draw suspicions which people might think that rumours are true, whereas not defending will keep a slaying ax on your reputation and at every time, basically doubt is not 100 percent sure but enough to leave an impact on mind. Another tactics his used when he build his reputation and to defame his opponent by subtly making what they do to attract and make it less attractive and meaningless. Well when no one takes intrest in your entertainment, they also stop believe what you do, which harms your reputation. Again there's a silver lining a boundary that if crossed will aim your arrow towards yourself, explained by Thomas Edison's example where he was outsmarted by tesla, to defame him he campaigned how harmful it was even though it's not. He forgets the boundary and goes to lengths of killing animals and even half kill a prisoner. This reveals what he does and not what he intended to show, harming his reputation. When you have preety lengendary reputation, even though at your lowest people will think he is still the same man with same power, or in context to an example of china wars, 'he must have a trick under his sleeve' this shows fear that makes people think twice before they take a wrong step. The book says that your reputation is built on what you do. People believe what they look by which I mean your appearance itself builts your reputation, actions, steps, words, expressions everything you do on surface level that can be easily scanned or noticed is what builds your reputation. So one advise would be to use honesty, good deed/will/gesture to attain trust to create an aura around yourself of positive reputation. Usually most of people treat honesty or some good gesture as whole lot of trust and admiration towards one person that does without knowing it's true intensions, allows one to deceive cleverly while keeping a reputation. One intriguing questions would what if I damaged my reputation and what to do to undo it, well undoing is impossible but you can build back your reputation by admitting what you have done, good approach but kinda puts negative mindset in audience I may be wrong corr ect me if I am. More over to this you can partner up with someone who has as opposite reputation to what you had done that damaged your reputation, while choosing remember to chose someone well recognised. It basically implant the feeling in audience that, he accepts his doing and has changed and to its proof a person with that high reputation says more about the man. In this way you dont seem shameful or negative approach is not needed, as In one stroke you pleed you fault without doing it, and rebuild your reputation where the stain is much less visible than before. As many laws this doesn't actually has an exception to what it means you can't have a reputation that damages or harms you in some kind. You may seem arrogant but still one has nothing to gain from saying no it's reputation, what books says the punch line be the master of you fate and master of your reputation.