6
Law 6, talks about attention, whether it is notorious or notoriety it always benifits. Book tells being center of attention is most recognised and followed, where this follows the rule of appearance where upper portion the appearance of whole you matters the most, it creates an outline and reputation worth noting and exploring. While being center of attention all eyes are on you, it gives you mysterious look like what the man is upto what it is thinking and this things intrigues people to lure out to your benifit. Let's take p.t burman's example where he being an assistant in and circus, a valuable lesson was learned when he was misinterpreted as murderer but in the end when it was cleared out every person their had unforgettable image of circus which ties to the joke his boss played, it keeps people intrigued and wants to know more about what you have up your sleeve.﻿
And good lesson notoriety was unforgettable mark which leads to success. This lesson was very steep in his mind there countless examples in book as many with brick, worst musicians, robot, mermaid and dwarf. In all of these examples he masters how to get attention from audience by being the most outstanding curiosity cultivating subjects. He learns from being in attention like In a spotlight, that how to stay in trend and keep that intrest flowing which follows cash. He would always use center of attention for a purpose, even though outcome is negative or positive it still serves the purpose, he understands what is important that is to be relevant and keep that attention. So basis is more nicer the appearance more attraction you pull. First of all you may never distinguish between bad attention and good attention. Every attention can state your purpose. Let's take an example of louis? Where his most famous man kind of dwarfish, was the attraction magnet by doing things that most people won't even think to do. Even louis couldn't hold absence of his. This means that audience craves something more than mediocre a man above the bar. Usually people think that they are superior if they can predict what you can do, one can use this as some of way to gain respect by outsmarting them, and grow your hold over your attention. Let's take example of Thomas Edison, he always valued being in attention as equal as his inventions, he knew that every curiosity and attention is his marketing. He views it as some of a skill and refues to share the attention of people with his rival even for a Nobel prize. It shows importance of attention. He actually managed to be seen more which led the world believe he was the one that made a discovery of electricity, while it was tesla who was very intelligent than him was not known cause of his lack of attention in public. Well the book shows that one of the slbes twya to get into limelight is to defame someone much in power, but keep in mind which length do you go, cause eventually Edison was seen coz of attention but in lengths to outrank tesla he shows his true colors which faded his reputation as explained in previous law. What happens if you don't keep up the bar of curiosity and creativity in your work people eventually fades feels it boring and worthless. One line that hits hard is when ever you are in lime light give your best, as big as possible that light stays on you every time.﻿
Part 2, first half was how important attention was some ways to attain it, second half talks about air of mystery, it is a powerful tool as mysteriousness tends to create intrest which is often more consuming people around, as talked above mystery sets up benchmark that a person must crawl over to feel superior or some what in control, it is in everyone's desire to predict a person who is mysterious. The air mystery only hightens what your are, often exaggerating it. Let's take an example of Mata Hari, she never told her truth always lies, always different lies, always different contumes, stories. That keeped an air mystery that who this woman actually is, mystery spreaded all over france and even other European countries. What she knew was how to grab attention, when she dances she can be only vaguely seen grabbing attention what she was wearing as costumes where very different each time, here veil does the trick, and keeps the attention, then veil is lowered and seen what difference was that of they thought and what they got, difference usually does not varies much, put it creates exciting moments for people. Margaretha used this ways to grab attention. Slowly dropping of veil make people wants to see what inside keeping high desires. We can learn that even being average attention and mysteriousness exaggerates what you are. While she was not best dancer but attention grabbing dancer would outperform was shown here. Theres a line from book which says mystery that can't be interpreted or grasped and can't be seized and consume easily creates air of mystery which creates power. Then we have Hannibals story, he was reputed general during the wars, he was clever and ambiguous. Let's dive into the part where he was trapped on island by one side sea and other side huge army, he used his mind creates a series of events that are very likely to connect. He used some material and applies it to some animals horns, now while his army march to mountain with these animals it seems alike it was exponential growth in Hannibals army, now this was unsettling for scouters from other sides, then he played stroke 2 as animals skin was burning they ran in all directions lighting the mountain up, which created sudden movement that no one anticipated, with these animals would howl or cry from pain, this all was very unusual for opponent and led them to think the impossible happened. They eventually left. Here from every example so far we see that only create a mystery that can be anticipated some what that you want opponent to anticipate don't make it predictable to them nor too unpredictable that take a step you don't want them to take. Here what my understanding says is, first create confusion like what, how, when in others. Then give them a blow of now way this can be possible and finally when their minds don't think anything else from the thing you want them to anticipate you have created a path from where they can't comeback. This actually aligns with laws of concealing intension to stay mysterious. Even when your reputation doesn't allow you to bet mysterious be ambiguous that's one way of it. What we can understand from the law is in today's world is more boring and lacks originality in this world enigmatic things attract attention very fast which is mentioned by book. Where an person can do some much set of random and different things that can't be predicted creates values, intrest which is gist of example of lustig, senses become dull when something interests you mostly.﻿
Let's see authority of it, clearly explained how to create air of mystery, first don't declare yourself too quickly and in more words, wait, let them create your image, then pass something ambiguous or mystery and then You go  explaining yourself in fragments, not too descriptive and watch people talk about you. Finally the reversal of the law, while law itself has exceptions, important to know the boundary of this law. Here what we do is create attention mystery but keep in mind in doing so in very long run it may bore people out, and you seem more con while your colors unravels, important to note is when to stop, if not careful, you﻿
Jeopardize your reputation violating law 5, when there is no respect of yours your mystery is just useless, not interesting, sounds con. Well one point is to relevance to law 1 where your  not supposed to outhisne your Own master, here it can be interpreted as don't ever grab more attraction from people where theres person in room more powerful and famous then you, it counts as disrespect to them and public disgraces you, you instantly fall. So one shouldn't seem more needy or greedy for the attention, cause one sign that people pick most is that, and part ways from you, causes by the insecurity you cast on them which is more of bad sign opposite to attraction. Just simply avoid attention when higher person in room is present and return to shadows as book says.