7
Law 7, it talks about credits importance, while the hard work builds what a man is, reality is that life Is short one can not do everything on his own. Without exhausting yourself. It is important to know that you can get what you want without worrying what all you have to do, by hiring or stealing things you want, this way one focus on future and to do the tasks only you can do, or it would be wise to do it cause its prone to dangers you may expect, let's take an example of nicola tesla and Edison, I didn't know that tesla worked for him until I read this, to amaze I found he was more intelligent and hardworking while Edison was just someone who was taking the credit, he maintained the limelight on him, later due to not paying tesla, Tesla left and join some other company, but nothing changed, at the end he got very less then he deserved. Tesla keep on working his ac system, which is most prominent today, but the thing is that even though he invented that he was not given intial credit nor money, he was also original father of radio, cause some tech he used was from teslas patent, but again he didn't got money not fame, it only unfortunate to not know how to protect your work and succeed, book is clear that being navie won't get you far as example of tesla explains it clearly. Tesla had it all wrong form starting where he believed science has no connection with politics. Politics is how you keep it maintained. The law states that the value or credit is as important as the invention itself. It also states that time is key, life is short, use it well, save it, use efficiently. This very accurately explained by connecting power dynamics to jungle itself, here ones who hunt and wear & tear are people whose work is stolen or used without any credit, vultures are the ones who stole or use it, vultures are always wandering above the dead or work the tend to steal or hire. Law says be vigilant as possible protect from vultures circling above, once you have reputation then join vultures itself, law states to no fight but join them instead coz of time, exhausting work, credit etc. credit itself grows your aura, it creates illusion that you are important itself not coz of your work or hiring but coz your name is upfront. Law also says if not poisonous way you can just copy work from past and build upon it or paste your name. It will create value itself. The essence is to not work hard but smart. Well more examples of politicians who don't write their own speech but are credited rather than writer. Well there's a very good quote I read here which is one should learns from experience and other profits from it, this shows very buisness and political way of thinking. Reversal here would be, as always a thin line that should be recognised and not to be crossed, here when cross it you loose respect reputation. Lets take an old example when Edison taked credit of his products some of products where build by tesla himself, here very later people came to know about the truth of his, so his reputation bleeded after his death though, which violates law 5. You should attempt this only when your position itself is unshakable, here is aligns with law 1 that when your works credit is to be given to master you shall do it if it sets your purpose, more often credit comes out. It is only smart to show loyalty taking limelight yourself. It just how it works. This is the Game.