8
Law 8, it says the power you hold stays with you if don't loose it. Well when you go to others you give them control and hold over the situation. This is was it means to make people come to you and not go to them. Reasons are that when enemy comes to you they will be tensed what to do, as their hand is forced by movements for yours, thinking abruptly he may make mistakes, another, it gives you time to recover or strengthen, it makes your enemies wear out. Now that is useful as saying weaker the enemy weaker the chances of it beating you. Another is that your are in control of situation you are at your home ground, you know the war field better hence your tactics works as posed, whereas for enemy it is constant dilemma how to attack what strategies to use when they are already tensed, the error of margin increases. Prominent example is of napoleon, when he falled, loose his command, he was banished to the island near italy, this was a mistake quickly noted by his former courtier, talleyrand, he noticed and wanted to change it, but in accordance to law 8 and law 3, he managed to held his tongue back, he knows that not only he will wear him out but it will look foolish, and you power when your predictable and vulnerable. He thought strategically and carefully planted a bait and illusion that was inspired by napoleon's weakness, it was power and love of people, here he planned that his craze was more intelligent france knowing him, he will tool bait, also puts an emergence to it, to act quick, hence more likely to fall in his trap, he already knew the frances condition, this is how it lead to his downfall and was banished even further where he never came back from. Here one thing i missed is trap had a part of his impossible break through, which napoleon know will even made his arrival and popularity grand. Adding honey to the bait. The reason of fall of power is often agressiveness, people believe that aggressive steps are effective steps when they are not actually. Agressiveness only leads to make decisions that are flawed and predictable, more over here one thinks by acting agressivly he is control but actually his enemy is in control. To hold your power you must hold a good grasp over emotions and tounge, bid your time, wait for opponent to come. This way your power stays, decisions are easy and perfect to make, you dont short time, and calmness helps you think clearly. That's what talleyrand did, waited instead of agressive action ultimately he won. Even though somehow if napoleon managed the situation he can still didn't have choice of place of action and action itself. This implies key to power is to remember law 3 and law 8. Theres another example of Japan and Russia war, where due to circumstances leaded russia to take a longer route which japanese already knew and they planted a seed that they can be defeated in not time. This way in desparation russia took way longer path, relevance is this japan had time to prepare, advantage of homeground, strategies, while Russians had non, this is how they won the battle. The false illusion that enemy is in control is what makes them blind. There are few good examples like a stock market investor who manipulate market by manipulating people around him and getting them to do what he wanted, another good one is pick pocket example, here board of beware pickpotiers help them to know where the prize is. Then an architect who let compitition prove himself and scope in when he left. An analogy of bear and hunter, here hunter does not go chasing after the prey and risking his life but plays a trap to kill it, will having all advantages discussed this far. This is how you hold your authority over them. Here the reversal would be again a line which needs to be explored, let's say if enemy is weak by biding your time you give them chance to strengthen up, in this situations it is best to attack first. But the goal is the same to hold power inevitably. Here main key is to know that your are not manipulated in order to know when to hold or attack. Used by napoleon enough often, as there is a goated line one can run but can't hide.