9
Law 9, a law that says you may win by argumenting opponent but it doesn't last long, it is tendency of our nature to return to our previous option out shere thought. Where a win by action by demonstration, the psychological impact here is, when mind notices the truth through an example. It becomes harder to believe your opinion and easier to grasp the realy. Most of people take refuge in arguments to win, out of calm mind they usually use whatever they wanted to prove how right they are, it is also a pathological need to be right at every time. It can be depicted that people who has deep believe can't not be shattered by arguments even if the world gets it. Here key is to demonstrate, take action, show them, using less words, it is harder disbelief what your eyes see. Its the nature of men, and a good quote, truth is always seen and not heard. These would be some what the interpretation. Lets take a example to understand the transgression, well an engineer in old times, a skilled man, expert. Once the general needed to invade the door, due lack of knowledge he ordered his men to get bigger ram, which engineer deeply condemned, he goes on an on how using smaller one is better, faster, impactfull, easier. But soldiers were firm about the command of general. But still engineer choose to lie to soldiers and sent smaller one. On seeing it general couldn't think just cause his anger got in way. He ordered his guys to do ruthless way to kill that engineer. Now here he could just obey what he was told, he could have demonstrated what he ment, or law 1 would be better to keep in mind where one can demonstrate just cause the person infront is stupid. Interpretation of this transgression would be, he dig his own grave just cause he assumed there all will go to the plan, he should have understand most of the time people are not knowledge able as you on that topic, wasting your time and energy, when you go on arguing on an on. It can be clearly seen that action speak more than words. Your actions act as firm hold over the argument and there is non that can be done to argue it. Lets move to the observance of law, let's take example of skilled sculpture creator, the mayor's perspective was skewed by last work of artist. Though he agreed to proceed. Now when the work was nearly done, mayor came to visit, while standing just below it, he seemed that nose was large, clever artist used a trick, while keeping him as level as the face of sculpture. He started hammering it and using dust In his hand to simulate that he is doing even though he aint, now perspective of mayor changed due to elevation and is pleased by work. Learning is artist could just yap about why it is good as it is, waste time and energy, then risk his future contracts, risk his life. He choose to action which lead to best outcome. One thing to notice is, it is hard to argue what you see. Same by example of wren an architect who obeyed what mayor, in cost effective way where his clever use of pillars that dont even touch the ceiling. He noticed the insecurity of mayor and didn't wanted to offend him, nor his career and image. In this way you give best of both worlds. Another example of kissinger, where what he ment to show was explicitly became an symbol, negotiations were complicated and arguments could go on, it was tense, but he knew history paired the meeting with it, by visiting it in middle of meeting, sending clear message to Israel's commity what he meant will happen if they negate it. It is said to be the most powerful way to win argument is not action it is, but it is iconic, spot on, that it becomes an symbol, it strikes the hardest. Sometimes it is even not needed to demonstrate when what you want is eventually going to happen. Great example of seesaw, kind of act, a clap can't happen with one hand. Seesaw one goes up another goes down, when you leave your place, they see how important you are. Which leads to the reversal of the law, it can't be practiced every where, when you are applying or playing your deception, it is best to distract them by your arguments. Or when you are caught in lie, when you make arguments it seems less lieing of yourself. Law has example of lustig, a con artist, he selled a money copier, didn't work, grabbed attention of police officers, furious he was he went down to him, lustig quickly argumenting take out a fancy book, explained terms, overwhelme the officer, and at last he assured him to give his money back and with a help card to how to operate it even ensured him he will come down to his house. And gave him an fake note, to chill, officer went on using it and got in jail. This is how he avoided the danger while keeping profit by seeming trust full keeping the tone as trust and regret. Officer won't argue more as he was confused. This how one uses arguments to his betterment.